Tenant shall be required to identify its Premises with storefront signage in

accordance with the criteria set forth on Drawing SS-1 (attached).

, Tenant shall be required to identify its rear service door (if provided) with

one (1) identification sign in accordance with the criteria set forth on
Drawing SS-2 (attached).

Tenant shall be permitted to install one (1) additional identification sign
under the canopy directly in front of Tenant’s demised Premises in
accordance with the criteria set forth on Drawing SS-3 (attached).

If any of the following limitations, restrictions or criteria are found to be
invalid under any ordinance, regulation or law to the extent that such
limitations, restrictions or criteria is invalid as aforesaid, then the Developer-
Landlord, at its sole discretion, may modify such limitations, restrictions or
criteria to comply with such local ordinance, regulation or law. In no case
shall the invalidity of any one of the foregoing, limitations, restrictions. or
criteria invalidate this Exhibit or the Lease. :

Storefront Signage — Limitations and Restrictions

1

Tenant’s storefront signage must be internally illuminated, individual
channel] letters mounted to a raceway. The sign and raceway must be
mounted to the signband, centered from top to bottom, and centered within

‘the width of the leased Premises, or as located according to the Developer-

Landlord’s storefront signage layout.

All installation methods must comply with local building, electrical and
zoning codes and meet “UL” approval.

PK housings to remote transformers are required... The raceway required to
accommodate wiring and transformers shall be no deeper than eight inches
(8”) and be no taller than eight inches (8”).

‘All signs shall have concealed attachment devices, clips, wiring,

transformers, lamps, tubes and ballasts.

Sign letters or components shall have plastic faces with metal returns and
trim caps.

_. The storefront sign shall be connected to a time clock, which will
automatically turn the sign on at the start of the business day. It is required

that all storefront signage be illuminated during the stores hours of operation
and additionally during standard shopping center hours if Tenant is
permitted under the Lease to operate on non-standard hours.,

The manufacturer or installer may not instal] any promotional decals or
labels that are visible to the public.

Page 2

CADocuments and Settings\peck_t\Local Settings\Temp\C. Lotus. Notes. Data\EXHIBIT D - Sign Criteria.doc
