VE

A.

maintenance costs and expenses incurred during the immediately preceding twelve (12) month period.
Tenant shall thereafter supply Landlord with a copy of such audit within fifteen (15) days from receipt
thereof. Tenant's rights hereunder may be exercised only by independent certified public accountants
and Tenant’s attorney(s). In no event shall such audit be conducted by any (a) former employee of
Landlord or Landlord's managing agent or (b) any auditor working for a contingency fee or fee based
upon Tenant's savings or refund. In the event Tenant's audit shall disclose an overpayment by Tenant,
Landlord shall refund such overpayment to Tenant within fourteen (14) days of receipt of Tenant's audit,
unless Landlord shall in good faith, contest the results of Tenant's audit. Tenant shall keep any
information gained from such audit confidential and such information may be used by Tenant only in
dealing directly with Landlord (or as may be required by law, by any court, or any other proceeding
pursuant to which Tenant is required to release such information). No subtenant shall have the right to
audit Landlord's records and no assignee of Tenant shall have the right to audit Landlord's records
pertaining to years prior to the effective date of such assignment. Tenant shall be deemed to have
waived the right to dispute any matter relating to Tenant's Common Area Maintenance charge if such
audit is not conducted within twelve (12) months of delivery to Tenant of the billing statement setting
forth the exact amount of such costs incurred by Landlord.

Reserve Account. In addition to Tenant's contribution for Common Area maintenance as provided at Article VII,
Section B, above, Tenant shall also be required to pay to Landlord an amount equal to the amount per square foot of
gross leasable area of the Premises per year set forth in Article 1(A), Section 12, above, or such other sum as
determined by Landlord, representing Tenant's contribution for "major repairs" to or replacement of Common Area
improvements performed by Landlord subsequent to the Commencement Date. Tenant's contribution to the Reserve
Account shall be paid in equal monthly installments during the Term of this Lease or any renewals thereof, in advance,
on or before the first day of each calendar month, The term "major repairs" shall include, but shall not be limited to
repairs to or replacement of parking Jot surfaces, sidewalks and utility lines. Funds contributed by Tenant to the
Reserve Account shall not be applied to the items recited in Article VII, Section B, above, but shall be retained by
Landlord until such time as Landlord shall perform a major repair, regardless of the date(s) such amount was
contributed by Tenant. In no event shall Tenant be entitled to a refund of the amounts so contributed by Tenant to the
Reserve Account.

UTILITIES AND RUBBISH DISPOSAL

Utility Charges. Commencing on the date Landlord delivers the Premises to Tenant, Tenant shall pay for all utilities
provided to or for the benefit of the Premises, including but not limited to water/sewer, demand or reservation fees, gas,
electricity, fuel, light, heat, power, telephone, cable, and trash and garbage removal, together with all taxes levied or
other charges on such utilities and governmental charges based on utility consumption. Tenant shall, at its sole cost
and expense, pay for the cost of installation of meters for the Premises and any and all related costs and expenses if
such meters do not already exist at the Premises.

If any utilities are not separately metered or are only partly separately metered and are used in common with other
tenants of the Shopping Center, Tenant shall pay to Landiord its prorata share of such charges computed by multiplying
such charges by the ratio of the square feet within the Premises to the square feet of all tenants using such common
facilities.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord shall have the right, but not the obligation, to supply Tenant with any or all
utility services provided to or for the benefit of the Premises and Tenant shall pay the cost of such utility service(s) to
Landlord. In the event Landlord supplies any such utility service(s), Tenant shall reimburse Landlord within ten (10)
days after the delivery by Landlord to Tenant of a statement for the cost of any such utility service(s) supplied by
Landlord. In no event, however, shall the cost of such utility service(s) supplied by Landlord exceed a rate which
Tenant would otherwise pay for such utility service(s) if Tenant obtained such utility service(s) directly from the
applicable utility supplier. Landlord and Tenant further agree that Landlord shall have the right to discontinue
supplying such utility service(s) upon ten (10) days prior written notice to Tenant, provided Landlord shail not
discontinue such utility service(s) until Tenant has obtained the discontinued utility service(s) from the applicable
utility supplier and Tenant has provided Landlord with written notice thereof.
