Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord’s indemnification obligation as set forth herein shall be limited to the extent
of the coverage provided under Landlord’s insurance for such indemnity.

Commercial General Liability Insurance. Tenant agrees to carry public liability insurance covering the Premises
and Tenant's use thereof, together with contractual liability endorsements covering Tenant's obligations set forth in
Article XII, Section A, above, in companies and in a form satisfactory to Landlord with an A.M. Best Rating or its
equivalent of A-VIII or better, and with a minimum limit of One Million and 00/100 Dollars ($1,000,000.00) on
account of bodily injuries to or death or property damage for each occurrence and a minimum limit of Two Million
Dollars ($2,000,000.00) general aggregate. Such insurance shall also provide that the general aggregate limits apply
separately to each insured location, if applicable. Tenant shall deposit with Landlord prior to the date of any use or
occupancy of the Premises by Tenant certificates evidencing the required coverages. Tenant's insurance policy shall
name Landlord and such other parties as Landlord may from time to time designate in writing to Tenant as additional
insureds under Tenant's insurance policy and shall bear endorsements to the effect that the insurer agrees to notify all
additional insureds not less than thirty (30) days in advance of any modification or cancellation thereof.

Landlord's Liability. Landlord shall not be liable (i) for any damage to Tenant's property jocated in the Premises,
regardless of the cause of such damage, (ii) for any acts or omissions of other tenants of the Shopping Center, nor (iii)
for any condition of the Premises whatsoever unless Landlord is responsible for the repair thereof, and has failed to
make such repair after notice from Tenant of the need therefor, and expiration of a reasonable time for the making of
such repair.

Special Form Coverage Insurance. Landlord agrees to carry policies insuring the improvements on the Shopping
Center constructed by Landlord against fire and such other perils as are normally covered by extended coverage
endorsements in the county where the Premises are located, in an amount equal to at least eighty percent (80%) of the
insurable value of such improvements, together with insurance against such other risks (including, but not limited to,
earthquake, flood, loss of rent and such other coverages as Landlord, in its reasonable discretion, deems appropriate for
similarly located shopping centers) and in such amounts as Landlord deems appropriate. Tenant agrees that Tenant’s
contribution to the foregoing insurance shall be as provided for in Article 1, Section 13 and Article XII, Section G, of
this Lease and that Tenant shall pay its share of the foregoing insurance per said Articles; provided, however, that
Tenant shall have no rights in said policy or policies maintained by Landlord and shall not, by reason of such
reimbursement, be entitled to be a named insured thereunder. In the event any of Landlord's policies insures Premises
or risks other than the Shopping Center or the rents therefrom, the statement of the insurer shall be conclusive as to the
portion of the total premium attributable to the Shopping Center. Tenant agrees to carry insurance against fire and such
other risks as are, from time to time, included in standard extended coverage endorsements, insuring all leasehold and
building improvements in the Premises which were originally constructed by Tenant, Tenant's stock-in-trade, trade
fixtures, furniture, furnishings. special equipment, floor and wall coverings, and all other items of personal property of
Tenant located on or within the Premises, such coverage to be in an amount equal to at least eighty percent (80%) of.
the replacement cost thereof. Tenant's insurance policy hereunder shall name Landlord and such other parties as
Landlord may from time to time designate in writing to Tenant as loss payee under Tenant's insurance policy. Prior to
the Commencement Date of this Lease, Tenant shall furnish Landlord with a certificate evidencing such coverage.

Workers’ Compensation. Tenant agrees that commencing on the date Tenant first enters the Premises, Tenant shall, at
Tenant's sole cost and expense, provide and maintain or cause to be provided and maintained workers’ compensation
insurance (meeting the requirements of the state workers’ compensation laws) and employer liability insurance covering
all of Tenant's employees at the Premises. Tenant shall also use good faith efforts to ensure all contractors, sub-
contractors, vendors, Jeased employees, and temporary employees are properly insured for workers’ compensation.

Mutual Waiver of Subrogation. All insurance policies required to be carried by either party covering the Premises,
including but not limited to contents, fire, and casualty insurance, shall to the extent permitted by law expressly waive
any right on the part of the insurer against the other party. The parties hereto agree that their policies will include such
waiver clause or endorsement so long as the same shall be obtainable without extra cost, or if extra shall be charged
therefor, so long as the other party pays such extra cost. If cost shall be chargeable therefor, each party shall advise the
other thereof and of the amount of extra cost, and the other party, at its election, may pay the same, but shall not be
obligated to do so. The failure of any insurance policy to include such waiver clause or endorsement shall not affect
the validity of this Lease. Tenant and Landlord further agree to waive all claims. causes of action and rights of
recovery against the other, and their respective agents, officers, and employees. for any injury to or death of persons or

18
