structure. All work shall conform to all design criteria and construction guidelines
established by the Landlord.

Tenant shall be responsible for obtaining all required construction document
reviews with all governmental authorities in order to obtain all required permits,
inspections, occupancy permits, operating licenses, etc., pertaining to the Tenant’s
work and nature of Tenant’s business.

Insurance

a. Tenant shall require its Contractor to provide and maintain the following
insurance coverages:

1)

2)

3)

4)

For all of its employees, Worker's Compensation insurance in the
minimum amounts required by the State in which the Premises is
located and to comply in all respects with the employment and
payment of labor insurance required by any constituted authority
having legal jurisdiction over the area in which the work is
performed.

Comprehensive General Liability insurance including Contractual
and Contractor's Protective Liability coverage in the minimum
amount of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) single limit for bodily
injury and/or wrongful death and a minimum of One Million
Dollars ($1,000,000) single limit for property damage. This
coverage shall include the hazards of explosion, collapse and
underground damage, as well as contractual endorsements.
Comprehensive Automobile Liability insurance, including hired
and non-owned automobile coverage, with a minimum of One
Million Dollars ($1,000,000) single limit for bodily injury and/or
wrongful death and a minimum of One Million Dollars
($1,000,000) single limit for property damage.

To the extent the cost of Tenant's Work shall exceed Twenty-five
Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($25,000.00), Tenant's contractor
shall furnish and maintain performance and payment bonds in an
amount equal to one hundred twenty-five percent (125%) of the
construction contract price and all additions thereto, and all
obligations arising in connection therewith. The performance and
payment bonds shall name Landlord as obligees and will be in such
a form and with such sureties as are reasonably satisfactory to
Landlord.

b. The Landlord shall be named an additional insured party on all insurance
policies required hereunder and certificates of insurance evidencing
complying with this paragraph shall be provided to Landlord prior to
commencement of any work in the Premises. Certificates of insurance
