customer or other person lawfully in and upon said Shopping Center, nor cause the impairment or reduction of the
goodwill of the Shopping Center.

Hazardous Materials. Tenant shall not permit or cause the presence of Hazardous Materials in, on or under the
Premises or any other portion of the Shopping Center. Tenant shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold Landlord
harmless from and against any and all claims, causes of action, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses, including,
without limitation, attorney fees, arising because of any alleged personal injury, property damage, death, nuisance, loss
of business or otherwise, by Landlord, any employee of Landlord, or from and against any governmental act or
enforcement, arising from or in any way connected with conditions existing or claimed to exist with respect to
Hazardous Materials (as hereinafter defined) within the Shopping Center which are the result of Tenant's use,
occupancy or operation of the Premises. As used herein the term "Hazardous Materials" shall be defined as any
hazardous substance, contaminant, pollutant or hazardous release (as such terms are defined in any federal, state or
local law, rule, regulation or ordinance, including without, limitation, the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended) and other said wastes. In the event Tenant shall cause or permit
the presence of Hazardous Materials in, on or under the Premises or any other portion of the Shopping Center, Tenant
shall promptly, at Tenant's sole cost and expense, take any and all action necessary (as required by appropriate
government authority or otherwise) to return the areas affected thereby to the condition existing prior to the presence of
any such Hazardous Materials thereon, subject to Landlord’s prior written consent. The foregoing covenants shall
survive termination of this Lease.

Tenant Outside Seating Area. Landlord agrees that provided Tenant is not in default of any terms or conditions of
this Lease, Tenant shal! have the right, at Tenant's sole cost and expense, to locate a seating area consisting of no more
than eight (8) seats and four (4) tables ("Tenant's Outside Seating Area") on the sidewalk directly in front of Tenant's
Premises, provided Tenant's insurance required under Article XII(B) of this Lease includes Tenant's Outside Seating
Area and the indemnification by Tenant required under Article XII includes Tenant’s Outside Seating Area. In the
event Landlord receives written notification from a governmental authority that Tenant’s Outside Seating Area violates
any governmental code or ordinance or from Marshall’s indicating that the same conflicts with the restrictions
contained in the Marshall's Lease, Tenant shall. upon notice from Landlord, immediately terminate its use of Tenant’s
Outside Seating Area and remove Tenant’s Outside Seating Area and any other items placed outside the Premises for
use in Tenant's Outside Seating Area at Tenant's sole cost and expense. Tenant agrees that Tenant's Outside Seating
Area shall not unreasonably obstruct pedestrian traffic and shall provide a reasonable amount of unobstructed sidewalk
area for pedestrians to utilize. Landlord and Tenant acknowledge that the sidewalk upon which Tenant's Outside
Seating Area will be located is considered "Common Area” which all tenants in the Shopping Center are permitted to
utilize. Thus, in the event that Marshall's (or its successors, assigns or replacements) objects to Tenant's use of the
Common Area in this manner, Tenant shall, within two (2) days after receipt of written notice from Landlord, terminate
its use of Tenant's Outside Seating Area and remove Tenant's Outside Seating Area and any other items placed outside
the Premises for use in Tenant's Outside Seating Area at Tenant's sole cost and expense. In the event that Tenant fails
to remove its Outside Seating Area within the two (2) day time period, or fails to comply with any other provision
provided herein, Landlord shall have the right to remove all items from Tenant's Outside Seating Area and store said
items, all at Tenant's cost and expense. In the event Landlord removes Tenant's Outside Seating Area, Tenant shall
reimburse Landlord upon demand for any costs incurred in the removal or storage of any items in Tenant's Outside
Seating Area and said reimbursement shall be deemed additional rent under this Lease. In any event, Tenant shall keep
Tenant's Outside Seating Area free and clear of all trash, refuse and debris at all times.

Drive Thru Facility. Landlord agrees that Tenant may construct, at Tenant’s sole cost and expense, but without any
increase in Minimum Rent or Additional Rent, drive-thru facilities serving the Premises (the “Drive Thru Facilities”).
Landjord and Tenant agree that the construction of the Drive-Thru Facilities shall be subject to (i) compliance with all
applicable laws, ordinances and codes, and receipt of all necessary governmental approvals; (ii) receipt of all Landlord
approvals required to be obtained hereunder in connection with new construction at the Premises; and (iii) if requested
by Landlord, a separate written addendum to this Lease; provided, however, Landlord shall not otherwise object, and
hereby consents to the construction and erection of the Drive-Thru Facilities and agrees not to unreasonably delay,
withhold or condition its own required approvals relating thereto. Landlord shall support and cooperate with Tenant in
Tenant’s efforts to obtain any necessary governmental approvals with respect to the Drive-Thru Facilities, as
reasonably requested by Tenant.

25
