XIX. MORTGAGE SUBORDINATION

This Lease, and Tenant's rights hereunder shall be subject and subordinate to the lien of any mortgages or deeds of trust or
other similar instrument that may now exist or may hereafter be placed upon the Shopping Center and all renewals,
replacements, and extensions thereof without further notice or action on the part of Landlord or Tenant. Tenant agrees that,
upon the request of Landlord, it shall execute and deliver such instruments (including but not limited to a Memorandum of
Lease and/or a Subordination, Non-Disturbance and Attornment Agreement in recordable form) which may be required by
Landlord's mortgagee or trustee to evidence such subordination, on the condition that the instruments creating such
mortgages contain a provision recognizing the existence of this Lease and agreeing that this Lease shall not be terminated or
otherwise affected in the event of a foreclosure, sale or default under such mortgage, so long as Tenant is not in default
under the Lease beyond any applicable notice and cure period.

XX. ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATES

At any time and from time to time, Tenant agrees, upon request in writing from Landlord, to execute and deliver to
Landlord, for the benefit of such persons as Landlord names in such request, a statement in writing and in substance
satisfactory to Landlord certifying to such of the following information as Landlord shall request: (i) that this Lease
constitutes the entire agreement between Landlord and Tenant and is unmodified and in full force and effect (or if there have
been modifications, that the same is in full force and effect as modified and stating the modifications); (ii) the dates to which
the Minimum Rent, Percentage Rent, and other charges hereunder have been paid, and the amount of any security deposited
with Landlord; (iii) that the Premises have been completed on or before the date of such letter and that all conditions
precedent to the Lease taking effect have been carried out; (iv) that Tenant has accepted possession, that the Lease term has
commenced, that Tenant is occupying the Premises, that Tenant knows of no default under the Lease by Landlord and that
there are no defaults or offsets which Tenant has against enforcement of this Lease by Landlord; (v) the actual
commencement date of the Lease and the expiration date of the Lease; and (vi) that Tenant's store is open for business,
provided such facts are true and ascertainable.

XXI. QUIET ENJOYMENT.

Landlord hereby covenants and agrees that if Tenant shall perform all the covenants and agreements herein stipulated to be
performed on Tenant's part, Tenant shall at all times during the continuance hereof have the peaceable and quiet enjoyment
and possession of the Premises without any hindrance from Landlord or any person or persons lawfully claiming the
Premises.

XXII LIABILITY OF LANDLORD

Notwithstanding anything 1o the contrary provided in this Lease, it is specifically understood and agreed, such agreement
being a primary consideration for the execution of this Lease by Landlord, that if Landlord shall fail to perform any
covenant, term or condition of this Lease upon Landlord's part to be performed and, as a consequence of such default,
Tenant shall recover a money judgment against Landlord, such judgment shall be satisfied only out of the proceeds of sale
received upon execution of such judgment and levy thereon against the right, title, and interest of Landlord in the Shopping
Center, as the same may then be encumbered, and neither Landlord nor any of its officers or shareholders shail be liable for
any deficiency. It is understood that in no event shall Tenant have any right to levy execution against any property of
Landlord other than its interest in the Shopping Center as hereinbefore expressly provided. In the event of the sale or other
transfer of Landlord's right, title and interest in the Premises or the Shopping Center, Landlord shall be released from all
liability and obligations under this Lease.

XXIN. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

A. Accord and Satisfaction. No payment by Tenant, or anyone occupying the Premises by, through or under Tenant, or
receipt by Landlord of a lesser amount than the rents stated herein shall be deemed to be other than on behalf of Tenant
and on account of the next due rent, nor shall any endorsement or statement on any check or any letter accompanying
any check or payment as rent be deemed an accord and satisfaction, and Landlord may accept such check or payment
without prejudice to Landlord's right to recover the balance of such rent or pursue any other remedy provided for in
this Lease or available at law or in equity.

B. Waiver. No waiver of any condition or legal right or remedy shall be implied by the failure of Landlord to declare a
forfeiture, or for any other reason, and no waiver of any condition or covenant shall be valid unless it be in writing
signed by Landlord or Tenant (as the case may be). No waiver by Landlord with respect to one or more tenants or

22
