Construction Allowance for Tenant's Work. Provided Tenant is not in default under any of the terms and conditions
contained herein, Landlord shall reimburse Tenant for a portion of the cost of Tenant's Work (excluding trade fixtures,
equipment and inventory) within the Premises, in the amount and manner hereinafter provided. The amount of such
reimbursement shall hereinafter be referred to as "Tenant's Allowance.” It is understood and agreed that Tenant's
Allowance shall be a reimbursement for a portion of the actual cost incurred by Tenant to complete Tenant’s Work
within the Premises as detailed in the plans and specifications therefore to be approved by Landlord. Tenant's
Allowance shall be equal to the lesser of (i) Sixty-two Thousand Two Hundred Fifty and 00/100 Dollars ($62,250.00)
or (ii) the actual cost incurred by Tenant to complete Tenant's Work.

Landlord shall pay Tenant's Allowance to Tenant in two (2) equal installments as follows:

1. Landlord shall pay to Tenant the initial sum of Thirty One Thousand One Hundred Twenty Five and 00/100
Dollars ($31,125.00) within fifteen (15) days after Tenant provides the following to Landlord (which may be prior
to the date Tenant is open for business in the Premises):

i. Copies of invoices documenting that costs in such amount have actually been incurred by
Tenant in connection with Tenant's Work within the Premises.

2. Landlord shall pay to Tenant the final balance of Tenant’s Allowance within thirty (30) days from when Tenant
has opened for business in the Premises, paid the Minimum Rent and Additional Rent for the first month of the
term of this Lease and furnished to Landlord the following:

i. Copies of paid invoices documenting the actual cost incurred by Tenant to complete Tenant's
Work within the Premises for the amount of Thirty One Thousand One Hundred Twenty Five
and 00/100 Dollars ($31,125.00);

ii. The original notarized affidavit of the general contractor in the form of Exhibit E-1 attached
hereto and made a part hereof, stating that (i) Tenant's Work has been fully completed in
accordance with the plans and specifications approved by Landlord, subject, however, to
Landlord's verification thereof and (ii) all subcontractors, laborers and material suppliers have
been paid in full;

iii. An original notarized waiver of lien in the form of Exhibit E-2 attached hereto and made a
part hereof. with respect to the Premises, executed by every subcontractor, and material
supplier engaged in or supplying labor or materials; and

iv. A certificate of use and occupancy for the Premises issued by the appropriate governmental
authority.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Landlord reserves the right to offset against Tenant's
Allowance any delinquent amounts due to Landlord by Tenant accrued hereunder. In the event Landlord fails to pay
Tenant’s Allowance within the time period provided above, any unpaid portion shall accrue interest at the Default Rate
set forth in Article XVI of the Lease, and Tenant shall have the right to offset such amount, including interest, from
fifty percent (50%) of Tenant’s monthly Minimum Rent obligation until fully paid. In the event this Lease shall be
terminated due to a monetary default by Tenant prior to the natural expiration of the initial Term of the Lease
(‘Monetary Default Termination”), Tenant shall pay to Landlord the unamortized portion of Tenant's Allowance
according to the following schedule:

a. Ifa Monetary Default Termination occurs during the first lease year, Tenant shall return the Tenant Allowance to
Landlord in full.

b. In the event that a Monetary Default Termination occurs during the second lease year, Tenant shall pay to
Landlord sixty percent (60%) of the Tenant Allowance (and an annual interest rate of twelve percent (12%)).

c. In the event that a Monetary Default Termination occurs during the third lease year, Tenant shall pay to Landlord
forty percent (40%) of the Tenant Allowance (and an annual interest rate of twelve percent (12%)).

d. In the event that a Monetary Default Termination occurs during the fourth lease year, Tenant shall pay to Landlord
twenty percent (20%) of the Tenant AlNowance (and annual interest rate of twelve percent (12%)).

e. In the event that a Monetary Default Termination occurs during the fifth lease year, Tenant shall not be obligated
to return any portion of the Tenant Allowance.
