Revised 06.30.05
Revised 06.28.05
Revised 06.17.05
Revised 05.23.05
Revised 05.05.05
Revised 04.25.05

Gty.

AFFIDAVIT

ra

The undersigned has signed a lease dated C jah iy , 2005, with BG Del-Arrow, LLC, for the occupancy
of Unit No. 1, Marshall's Plaza in Buffalo, New York. The Lease business terms were negotiated with Tom Keller, as a
representative of Landlord. No representative, agent or employee of Landlord made any representations, inducements or
promises about the Premises or the entry into the Lease, unless expressly stated in the Lease. No representative, agent or
employee of Landlord made any representations, inducements or promises about the characteristics or conditions of or pertaining
to the Premises or the Shopping Center, unless expressly stated in the Lease. The undersigned has independently investigated the
potential of the success of its operations in the Shopping Center and has not relied upon any representations, inducements or
promises by Landlord's representatives, agents or employees, other than those contained in the Lease.

Va a

Dated this > day of «) v \, - 2005.

TENANT: Bagel Jay NB, LLC

STATE OF NEW YORK
)SS:
COUNTY OF ERIE

Personally appeared before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public, in and for said County and State, Jay Gershberg,
known to me to be the Manager of Bagel Jay NB, LLC, the limited liability company which executed the foregoing instrument,
who acknowledged that he did sign and seal the foregoing instrument for and on behalf of said limited liability company, and that
the same is his free act and deed and the free act and deed of said limited liability company.

Bye _.

Notary Public

ROBERT J. PORTIN
Public, State of New York
lified in Erie County
My Commission Expires 2/28/20.°.¢.
LEASE

fZ_. wr
THIS LEASE, entered into at Beachwood, Ohio, as of this i Ss day of _ * 2005 by and
between BG Del-Arrow, LLC, a New York limited liability company ("Landlord"), and Bagel Jay NB, LLC, a New York limited
liability company ("Tenant").

WITNESSETH:

IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants hereinafter contained, and each act performed hereunder by either of the
parties, Landiord and Tenant agree as follows:

I. BASIC LEASE PROVISIONS
A. This Article | is an integral part of this Lease and all of the terms hereof are incorporated into this Lease in all respects.
In addition to the other provisions, which are elsewhere defined in this Lease, the following, whenever used in this
Lease shall have the meanings set forth in this Article I:

Shopping Center: Marshall's Plaza, situated in the City of Buffalo, State of New York (Article I).
Premises: Unit No. 1 containing 6,225 square feet of gross floor area (Article II).
Tenant's Trade Name: Bagel Jay's.
Permitted Use: The Premises shall be used for the operation of retail bagel restaurant, providing the preparation
and retail sale of bagels, bakery goods and deli products, sandwiches and related food items, and non-alcoholic
beverages. The Premises shall be used for no other purpose whatsoever. (Article IX).
Lease Term: Five (5) lease years (Article IIT).
6. Rent Commencement Date: The earlier of (i) the Outside Opening Date, or (ii) the date Tenant initially opens for
business to the public in the Premises (Article III).
7. Expiration Date: Five (5) lease years days following the Rent Commencement Date (Article HI).
8. Minimum Rent during Lease Term: See Rent Schedule A (Article IV).
9. Annual Percentage Rent during Lease Term: See Rent Schedule A (Article IV).
Note: The Gross Sales amount at which Percentage Rent begins shall be known as the "breakpoint" or "minimum
basis of sales”.
10. Estimated Delivery of Possession Date: Within five (5) days following mutual execution of this Lease by
Landlord and Tenant (Article V1).
11. Outside Opening Date: Sixty (60) days following Landlord’s delivery of the Premises to Tenant (Article V1).
12. Common Area Maintenance (CAM) Charge: (Article VII). Proportionate share shall be determined by dividing
the gross leasable area of the Premises by the current square feet of gross leasable area of the Shopping Center,
and then multiplying the resulting quotient by total CAM expenses, including a 15% administrative fee.
Initial Estimate: $1.60 per square foot, $830.00 per month, $9,960.00 per year
Reserve Account: $.05 per square foot, $25.94 per month, $311.25 per year
13. Insurance: (Article XID).
$.37 per square foot, $191.94 per month, $2,303.25 per year
14. Real Estate Tax Charge: (Article V). Proportionate share determined by dividing the gross leasable area of the
Premises by the current square feet of gross leasable area of the Shopping Center tax parcel, and then multiplying
the resulting quotient by the total Real Estate Taxes, and any costs incurred by Landlord in accordance with
Article V.
Initial Estimate: $1.50 per square foot, $778.13 per month, $9,337.50 per year
15. Merchants Associations Dues/Promotional Fund Contribution: None.
16. Security Deposit: None.
17. Options to Renew: See Rent Schedule A (Article XXIH).
One (1) consecutive period containing five (5) lease years ("Renewal Term"), nine (9) months prior notice to
exercise required.

&wnnm

uw
18. Landlord: BG Del-Arrow, LLC
c/o Developers Diversified Realty Corporation
3300 Enterprise Parkway
Beachwood, Ohio 44122
Attention: Executive Vice President
Federal I. D. #20-0966075

With Copies
To: Developers Diversified Realty Corporation
3300 Enterprise Parkway
Beachwood, Ohio 44122
Attention: General Counsel
19. Tenant: Bagel Jay NB, LLC

4246 Ridge Lea Road, Suite 39
Amherst, New York 14226
Federal LD. #:

With Copies

To: Robert J. Portin, Esq.

Damon & Morey LLP
1000 Cathedral Place

298 Main Street

Buffalo, New York 14202

20. Guarantor(s): Bagel Jay HK, LLC
4246 Ridge Lea Road, Suite 39
Ambherst, New York 14226
Federal 1.D. #:

II. PREMISE!

A.

Landlord leases to Tenant, and Tenant leases from Landlord, the premises described in Article I(A), Section 2
("Premises"), as measured from the exterior face of any exterior walls and to the centerline of common walls and
outlined in red on Exhibit "A". The Shopping Center is more particularly described on Exhibit "B" attached hereto.

Landlord reserves the right to maintain, repair, and replace utility lines under, over, upon or through the Premises as
may be reasonably necessary or advisable for the servicing of the Premises or other portions of the Shopping Center.

Landlord shall use commercially reasonable efforts when exercising its right under this Section B, (i) to provide
reasonable notice to Tenant (unless an emergency exists, in which event Landlord shall use reasonable efforts to give
Tenant verbal notice); (ii) so as to minimize interference with Tenant’s business at the Premises; (iii) so as not to
materially impair access to or visibility of the Premises; and (iv) so as to place any utility lines, pipes, tunneling, and
the like only in non-visible locations outside of Tenant's sales area.

IH. TERM

A.

The terms and provisions of this Lease (excluding specifically, payment of Minimum Rent, Common Area Charges,
Real Estate Taxes and Insurance charge) shall become effective upon the first date set forth on page 2 of this Lease
("Effective Lease Date"). The Term of this Lease shall commence upon the Rent Commencement Date and shall expire
on the fast day of the last consecutive full lease year set forth in Article I{A), Section 7, following the Rent
Commencement Date established pursuant to Article 1(A), Section 6, unless sooner terminated. The term “lease year”
shall mean a period of twelve (12) consecutive full calendar months. If the Rent Commencement Date does not occur
on the first day of a calendar month, the first lease year shall include any partial calendar month.
a

Minimum Rent. Beginning thirty (30) days after the Rent Commencement Date, Tenant agrees to pay to Landlord, at
its office or other place as Landlord may from time to time designate, as "Minimum Rent” for the Premises during the
term of this Lease, without any deduction or setoff (except as otherwise provided herein), the amount(s) set forth in
Schedule A, in advance, on the first day of each calendar month. Minimum Rent and the amounts to be paid by Tenant
pursuant to Articles V, VI, and VI hereof shail be prorated on a per diem basis (based upon a thirty (30) day calendar
month) for any partial month included in the first lease year. .

Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, Tenant shall not be required to pay Minimum Rent or
Additional Rent (as hereafter defined) for any period prior to the thirtieth (30") day following the Rent Commencement
Date.

Percentage Rent. Tenant also agrees to pay to Landlord as "Percentage Rent" during each lease year, without any
deduction or setoff (except as otherwise provided herein), the percentage of "Gross Sales” in excess of the minimum
basis of annual sales set forth in Schedule A. In the event the Minimum Rent is reduced or abated for any reason, the
minimum basis of sales shall be reduced proportionately during the period of time the Minimum Rent is reduced or

abated.

1. Payment of Percentage Rent. Tenant shall furnish to Landlord on or before the tenth (10th) day of each
calendar month, statements of Tenant's Gross Sales (as hereinafter defined) from the Premises for the immediately
preceding calendar month. On or before the fifteenth (15th) day of the month following the end of each lease
year, Tenant shall furnish to Landlord a statement certified by Tenant, of the Gross Sales during the preceding
lease year, and concurrently shal! pay to Landlord the Percentage Rent due, if any. Failure to provide statements
of Gross Sales shal] constitute a default under the terms of this Lease and Landlord shall have the right to invoke
any or all of Landlord's remedies as set forth in Article XVI. For purposes of calculating Percentage Rent for any
partial lease year, the minimum basis of sales shall be prorated on a per diem basis based upon a three hundred
sixty-five (365) day year.

2. Gross Sales. The term "Gross Sales" shall mean the aggregate gross amount of all sales of merchandise
made and all charges for services performed in, on or from the Premises (including orders accepted in, on or from
the Premises for delivery from places other than the Premises, or orders filled from the Premises even though
accepted from places other than the Premises, including orders via electronics, telephonic, video, computer or
other technology based system whether existing now or developed in the future), whether wholesale or retail, and
whether cash or credit, and including the value of all consideration other than money received for any of the
foregoing, and all amounts received by Tenant from conducting business in, on or from the Premises. less (a) cash
refunds or credit for merchandise returned if the price of such merchandise was originally included in Gross Sales,
and (b) the amount of sales and excise taxes to the extent included in sales. Merchandise transferred from the
Premises to Tenant's other retail outlet stores open to the public shall not be included in determining Gross Sales.
No deduction shall be allowed for uncollected or uncollectible credit or charge accounts. Gross Sales for any
period between the Commencement Date and the end of the lease year shall be annualized and Percentage Rent
shall be payable in a proportionate amount on the basis of such sales as annualized. Tenant shail be permitted to
account for and report Gross Sales in accordance with its customary business and accounting practices.

3. Books of Account. Tenant agrees to prepare and maintain at Tenant's principal office, accurate records of
the Gross Sales, which records shall be kept in accordance with accepted accounting practice together with
federal, state, and Jocal tax returns of Tenant relating to Tenant's Gross Sales. The foregoing shall be open at all
reasonable times to Landlord to enable Landlord to determine the accuracy of the statements of Tenant's Gross
Sales during and for four (4) years after the end of the lease year to which the statements relate. In the event an
examination or audit of records of Tenant disclosed that Gross Sales as reported in the statements were less, by
one percent (1%) or more than the actual Gross Sales for any lease year and the actual Gross Sales were within
One Hundred and 00/100 Dollars ($100,000.00) of the applicable annual Gross Sales amount set forth in Schedule
A of the Lease, Tenant agrees to pay to Landlord the reasonable cost of any such examination or audit. Any
additional Percentage Rent found due as a result of any examination or audit shall immediately be payable. If
such examination or audit discloses a discrepancy of three percent (3%) or more and the actual Gross Sales were
within One Hundred and 00/100 Dollars ($100,000.00) of the applicable annual Gross Sales amount set forth in
Schedule A of the Lease, Landlord shall also have the right to terminate this Lease. Landlord shall have the right
to inspect the records of Tenant in connection with sales made by Tenant from other stores operated by it, but only
in the event such examination becomes necessary to ascertain the Gross Sales made by Tenant from the Premises.

V. TAXES

A.

Real Estate Taxes and Assessments, Beginning thirty (30) days after the Rent Commencement Date, Tenant agrees
to pay Tenant's proportionate share of all real estate taxes and assessments, both general and special, levied and
assessed against the land, buildings, and all other improvements which may be added thereto, or constructed with the
Shopping Center ("Taxes"). The term Taxes shall be further defined as the amount set forth on any invoice or
statement issued by the taxing authority for the Shopping Center which is due and payable by Landlord in the calendar
month prior to the accrual of any penalties and/or interest. Tenant's proportionate share shall be the total amount of the
Taxes, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of square feet of gross leasable area within
the Premises, and the denominator of which shall be the gross leasable area of the existing buildings within the
Shopping Center at the time the Taxes were levied or assessed, but excluding the gross leasable area of any buildings
within the Shopping Center which are separately assessed for tax purposes and billed to an entity other than Landlord
or paid directly by an entity other than Landlord, even though billed to Landlord.

Tenant shall pay to Landlord, monthly in advance on or before the first day of each calendar month, an amount equal to
one-twelfth (1/12th) of Tenant's proportionate share of Landlord's estimate of Taxes for the current tax year together
with all expenses incurred by Landlord in negotiating, reviewing, administering, appealing or contesting such taxes and
assessments, including, but not limited to fees and/or expenses paid to independent third parties engaged by Landlord
to contest Taxes, whose fees may be based on an hourly rate, a percentage of the tax savings or other reasonable fee
structures. If Tenant's proportionate share of Taxes with respect to any tax year is less than the total amount paid by
Tenant for such period, the excess shall be credited against the payments with respect to Taxes next becoming due;
provided, however, if excess is Five Hundred and 00/100 Dollars ($500.00) or more, or is attributable to the final year
of the Lease, the same shall be refunded to Tenant. If Tenant's proportionate share of Taxes for any tax year exceeds
the total amount paid by Tenant for such period, Tenant shall pay the difference to Landlord upon demand.

Rental Taxes. If any governmental taxing authority levy, assess, or impose any tax, excise or assessment (other than
income or franchise tax) upon or against the rents payable by Tenant to Landlord ("Rent Tax"), either by way of
substitution for or in addition to any existing tax on land, buildings or otherwise, Tenant shall directly pay, or
reimburse Landlord for, the Rent Tax, as the case may be.

Impact Fees. Tenant shall pay all impact fees, including, without limitation, any commercial impact fees for water
and sewer, attributable to Tenant's use of and/or square footage in the Premises. Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for
any such fees previously paid by Landlord and attributable to the Premises.

VI. CONSTRUCTION

A. Landlord's Work. Except as provided in Section B below, Landlord shall have no obligation to perform or cause the

performance of construction of any improvements to the Premises prior to delivery thereof to Tenant.

Delivery of Premises. Landlord shall deliver the Premises to Tenant on or before the Estimated Delivery of
Possession Date set forth in Article 1(A), Section 10, herein, in an "as is” condition, subject to delays caused by any
circumstances beyond Landlord's reasonable control; provided, however, Landlord shall, at its own expense, repair the
portion of the roof covering the Premises prior to the Estimated Delivery of Possession Date. In no event shall
Landlord be liable to Tenant for any failure or delay by Landlord in delivering the Premises to Tenant on the date set
forth above. Tenant hereby acknowledges that Landlord has made no representations or warranties to Tenant with
respect to the condition of the Premises or the working order of any systems or improvements therein existing as of the
date of delivery. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event Landlord fails to deliver the Premises to Tenant within
ten (10) days following the Estimated Delivery of Possession Date set forth in Article (A). Section 10, subject to
delays caused by Tenant and Force Majeure, then Tenant shal] have the right to terminate this Lease by delivering
written notice to Landlord. The effective date of termination (the “Termination Date”), if Tenant elects to exercise
Tenant’s right to terminate as hereinabove set forth, shall be the date thirty (30) days after the date of Landlord’s
receipt of Tenant’s written notice.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, once Landlord has received this Lease signed by Tenant, in the event Landlord fails to
deliver a fully-executed Lease to Tenant within sixty (60) days following the date the Lease (properly executed and
notarized by Tenant) was received by Landlord then Tenant shall have the right to terminate this Lease by delivering
written notice to Landlord. The effective date of termination (the “Termination Date”), if Tenant elects to exercise
Tenant’s right to terminate as hereinabove set forth, shall be the date thirty (30) days after the date of Landlord’s
receipt of Tenant’s written notice.

If Landlord delivers the Premises prior to the Termination Date, then the termination shall be deemed rescinded and
delivery shall be considered timely made. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord hereby warrants and represents to
Tenant that upon Landford’s delivery of the Premises to Tenant that the HVAC unit and the electrical and plumbing
systems serving the Premises shall be in working order.

Landlord warrants and represents that as of the date of this Lease and to the best of Landlord’s actual knowledge
without further investigation that (i) the Premises shall comply with all applicable state and local building codes, (ii)
the Premises shall comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, (iii) to the best of Landlord’s actual
knowledge, there are no matters affecting title to the Property, (iv) there are no pending, or to Landlord’s knowledge,
threatened condemnation proceedings or other governmental or judicial proceedings affecting the Premises, and (v) the
Shopping Center is fully assessed for tax purposes and constitutes one (1) tax parcel. For purposes hereof, Landlord’s
knowledge shall be limited to Landlord’s Work within the Premises.

Tenant's Construction. Within fifteen (15) days from the date of this Lease, Tenant shall prepare and deliver to
Landlord copies of any and all detailed plans and specifications of the improvements to the Premises to be constructed
by Tenant, which are required by any municipality or other governmental authority, if any. To the extent, and only to
the extent, such plans and specifications are so required they shall also be submitted to Landlord for review and
approval in accordance with this Section C. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, Landlord
review and approval of said plans and specifications shall not otherwise be required. Within fifteen (15) days
following Landlord's receipt of Tenant's plans and specifications Landlord shall notify Tenant whether Tenant's plans
and specifications are acceptable to Landlord. In the event Landlord fails to respond to Tenant’s plans and
specifications within said fifteen (15) day period, the plans and specifications shall be deemed approved, provided
Tenant’s transmittal notice shall specify that if Landlord fails to respond within such fifteen (15) day period, the plans
shall be deemed approved. lf Tenant's plans and specifications are not acceptable to Landlord, Landlord will advise
Tenant of the required modifications to Tenant's plans and specifications. Tenant shall modify and deliver to Landlord
its revised plans and specifications within five (5) days from receipt of Landlord's required modifications. Landlord
and Tenant will continue this process until Landlord has approved Tenant's plans and specifications ("Tenant’s Work").
Within ten (10) days from receipt of Landlord's approval of Tenant's plans and specifications, Tenant will apply for any
and all permits and other governmental approvals necessary to perform Tenant's work and Tenant will diligently
prosecute such application until approved. Tenant shall not modify Tenant's plans and specifications approved by
Landlord without Landlord's prior written consent. Upon Tenant’s receipt of Landlord’s notice that the Premises are
available for Tenant to commence Tenant’s Work, and provided Landlord has approved Tenant’s plans and
specifications (if required), Tenant will commence construction of Tenant's improvements to the Premises in
accordance with the approved plans and specifications. Tenant will complete construction of Tenant's improvements,
fixture and stock the Premises and initially open for business to the public on or before the Outside Opening Date
provided in Section 11 of the Basic Lease Provisions. In no event shall the Outside Opening Date be extended as a
result of Tenant's failure to deliver plans and specifications and any revisions thereto, file for permits or applications
and/or to commence construction in accordance with the timetables set forth in this paragraph. Tenant shall not
commence any work in the Premises until Tenant delivers to Landlord a policy of public liability and property damage
insurance in accordance with the requirements of Article XII of this Lease.

Miscellaneous.

(i) Tenant shall be required to control and retain noise, dust or other materials within the Premises, subject to
directives from Landlord. Tenant shall be required to clean all H.V.A.C. filters clogged with dust, or other
materials resulting from its construction activities.

(ii) To the extent the cost of Tenant's Work shall exceed Fifty Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($50,000.00),
Tenant's contractor shall furnish and maintain performance and payment bonds in an amount equal to one
hundred twenty-five percent (125%) of the construction contract price and all additions thereto, and all
obligations arising in connection therewith. The performance and payment bonds shall name Landiord as
obligees and will be in such a form and with such sureties as are reasonably satisfactory to Landlord.
Construction Allowance for Tenant's Work. Provided Tenant is not in default under any of the terms and conditions
contained herein, Landlord shall reimburse Tenant for a portion of the cost of Tenant's Work (excluding trade fixtures,
equipment and inventory) within the Premises, in the amount and manner hereinafter provided. The amount of such
reimbursement shall hereinafter be referred to as "Tenant's Allowance.” It is understood and agreed that Tenant's
Allowance shall be a reimbursement for a portion of the actual cost incurred by Tenant to complete Tenant’s Work
within the Premises as detailed in the plans and specifications therefore to be approved by Landlord. Tenant's
Allowance shall be equal to the lesser of (i) Sixty-two Thousand Two Hundred Fifty and 00/100 Dollars ($62,250.00)
or (ii) the actual cost incurred by Tenant to complete Tenant's Work.

Landlord shall pay Tenant's Allowance to Tenant in two (2) equal installments as follows:

1. Landlord shall pay to Tenant the initial sum of Thirty One Thousand One Hundred Twenty Five and 00/100
Dollars ($31,125.00) within fifteen (15) days after Tenant provides the following to Landlord (which may be prior
to the date Tenant is open for business in the Premises):

i. Copies of invoices documenting that costs in such amount have actually been incurred by
Tenant in connection with Tenant's Work within the Premises.

2. Landlord shall pay to Tenant the final balance of Tenant’s Allowance within thirty (30) days from when Tenant
has opened for business in the Premises, paid the Minimum Rent and Additional Rent for the first month of the
term of this Lease and furnished to Landlord the following:

i. Copies of paid invoices documenting the actual cost incurred by Tenant to complete Tenant's
Work within the Premises for the amount of Thirty One Thousand One Hundred Twenty Five
and 00/100 Dollars ($31,125.00);

ii. The original notarized affidavit of the general contractor in the form of Exhibit E-1 attached
hereto and made a part hereof, stating that (i) Tenant's Work has been fully completed in
accordance with the plans and specifications approved by Landlord, subject, however, to
Landlord's verification thereof and (ii) all subcontractors, laborers and material suppliers have
been paid in full;

iii. An original notarized waiver of lien in the form of Exhibit E-2 attached hereto and made a
part hereof. with respect to the Premises, executed by every subcontractor, and material
supplier engaged in or supplying labor or materials; and

iv. A certificate of use and occupancy for the Premises issued by the appropriate governmental
authority.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Landlord reserves the right to offset against Tenant's
Allowance any delinquent amounts due to Landlord by Tenant accrued hereunder. In the event Landlord fails to pay
Tenant’s Allowance within the time period provided above, any unpaid portion shall accrue interest at the Default Rate
set forth in Article XVI of the Lease, and Tenant shall have the right to offset such amount, including interest, from
fifty percent (50%) of Tenant’s monthly Minimum Rent obligation until fully paid. In the event this Lease shall be
terminated due to a monetary default by Tenant prior to the natural expiration of the initial Term of the Lease
(‘Monetary Default Termination”), Tenant shall pay to Landlord the unamortized portion of Tenant's Allowance
according to the following schedule:

a. Ifa Monetary Default Termination occurs during the first lease year, Tenant shall return the Tenant Allowance to
Landlord in full.

b. In the event that a Monetary Default Termination occurs during the second lease year, Tenant shall pay to
Landlord sixty percent (60%) of the Tenant Allowance (and an annual interest rate of twelve percent (12%)).

c. In the event that a Monetary Default Termination occurs during the third lease year, Tenant shall pay to Landlord
forty percent (40%) of the Tenant Allowance (and an annual interest rate of twelve percent (12%)).

d. In the event that a Monetary Default Termination occurs during the fourth lease year, Tenant shall pay to Landlord
twenty percent (20%) of the Tenant AlNowance (and annual interest rate of twelve percent (12%)).

e. In the event that a Monetary Default Termination occurs during the fifth lease year, Tenant shall not be obligated
to return any portion of the Tenant Allowance.
Tenant agrees that Tenant's Work within the Premises and all other work undertaken by Tenant in the Premises shall be
performed in a first-class and workmanlike manner and all equipment, fixtures and installation shall be new, or like-
new and in usable condition on the Rent Commencement Date.

Pylon Sign. Tenant shall have the right to place its identification panel (“Tenant’s Panel”) on that area of the
Shopping Center pylon sign crosshatched on the Exhibit 1 attached hereto and made a part hereof (“Pylon Sign”).
Tenant shall not install Tenant’s Panel on the Pylon Sign until plans and specifications for Tenant’s Panel have been
approved in writing by Landlord. Tenant shall, at Tenant’s expense, perform all work and supply all installations
necessary to install Tenant’s Panel in accordance with the plans and specifications approved by Landlord. No changes
to Tenant’s Panel plans and specifications will be made without the prior written consent of Landlord. In the event
Tenant fails to install Tenant’s Panel on the Pylon Sign within ninety (90) days following the Rent Commencement
Date, subject to force majeure, Tenant’s rights under this Section shall be deemed waived and Tenant shall not have
any further right to place Tenant’s Panel on the Pylon Sign.

Tenant agrees, at its expense, to promptly repair Tenant’s identification panel in the event of any casualty or other
damage thereto. Tenant further agrees to repair any damage to the Pylon Sign resulting from Tenant’s installation or
removal of Tenant’s Panel. In the event Tenant fails to repair Tenant’s Panel or the Pylon Sign within ten (10) days
after receipt of written notice from Landlord, Landlord may terminate Tenant’s rights under this Section F
immediately, effective on the date notice is given to Tenant. In the event of any default by Tenant under the terms of
this Lease, or upon the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease, Tenant’s right to use the Pylon Sign shall
automatically terminate. In the event Tenant fails to remove Tenant’s Panel within ten (10) days after the expiration or
earlier termination of this Lease or after the expiration of the applicable cure period with respect to Tenant’s default,
Landlord shall have the right to remove Tenant’s Panel at Tenant’s expense and dispose of said sign, and Tenant shall
reimburse Landlord upon demand for all costs incurred by Landlord in removing and disposing of Tenant’s Panel. If
Tenant fails to repair any damage caused by the installation or removal of Tenant’s Panel, Tenant shall pay the cost
thereof to Landlord within fifteen (15) days of Landlord’s written demand, together with the sum of fifteen percent
(15%) of said costs for overhead. Tenant’s obligations set forth in this Section F shall survive the termination of this
Lease.

Tenant agrees that in no event shall Landlord be liable to Tenant for failure or interruption of any illumination of the
Pylon Sign or Tenant’s Panel, or for any damage to Tenant’s Panel unless caused by the gross negligence or intentional
act of Landlord, its agents or employees, and Tenant hereby waives any and all such claims against Landlord.

The foregoing right of Tenant to place Tenant’s Panel on the Pylon Sign is personal to, and for the sole benefit of
Tenant, and shall not be transferable to any third party, including without limitation to any assignee of Tenant’s rights
under this Lease or any sublessee of the Premises, without the express prior written consent of Landlord, which consent
Landlord may withhold in its sole discretion. Tenant agrees that any such attempted assignment or transfer shall be
null and void.

VU. COMMON AREAS

A.

Common Areas. Landlord grants to Tenant and Tenant's customers and invitees the non-exclusive right to use the
areas designated by Landlord from time to time as Common Areas. The term "Common Areas" shall mean the parking
areas, roadways, pedestrian sidewalks, loading docks, delivery areas, exterior surfaces of Shopping Center buildings,
landscaped areas, service courts, open and enclosed courts and malls, fire corridors, meeting areas and public
restrooms, and all other areas or improvements which may be provided by Landlord for the common use of the tenants
of the Shopping Center. Landlord hereby reserves the following rights with respect to the Common Areas:

1. To establish reasonable rules and regulations for the use thereof;

2. To use or permit the use by others to whom Landlord may have granted such rights for promotional
activities;

3. To close all or any portion thereof as may be deemed necessary by Landlord to prevent a dedication thereof
or the accrual of any rights to any person or the public herein;

4. To change the layout of such Common Areas, including the right to reasonably add to or subtract from their
shape and size, whether by the addition of building improvements or otherwise, and shall have the right to
retain revenue from income producing events whether or not conducted for promotional purposes; and
5. To operate, manage, equip, light, repair and maintain said Common Areas for their intended purposes in such
manner as Landlord shall in its sole discretion from time to time determine.

Common Area Charge. Beginning thirty (30) days after the Rent Commencement Date, Tenant shall pay to Landlord
as a"Common Area Charge" a proportionate share of all costs and expenses of every kind and nature actually paid or
incurred by Landlord in operating, maintaining, repairing and managing the Common Areas, including but not be
limited to, cleaning, lighting, repairing, painting, maintaining, and replacing all Common Area improvements including
the roofs of all buildings within the Shopping Center; snow removal, landscaping and security, fire safety and
protection systems, monitoring, testing and operating charges; restriping and overlay of the parking lot; painting of
exterior surfaces of Shopping Center buildings; total compensation and benefits (including premiums for Worker's
Compensation and other insurance) paid to or on behalf of employees; personal property taxes; supplies; fire
protection; utility charges; licenses and permit fees; reasonable depreciation of equipment used in operating and
maintaining the Common Areas and rent paid for leasing such equipment, any fees paid or assessed by Landlord for
management of the Shopping Center; and administrative costs equal to fifteen percent (15%) of the total cost of all the
foregoing items. Tenant's Common Area Charge shall be determined by multiplying the total cost incurred by
Landlord by the ratio of the square feet within the Premises to the gross leasable area within all of the buildings in the
Shopping Center existing at the time of such calculation, excluding with respect to any item the square footage of any
tenant in the Shopping Center which provides such item at its own expense for the portion of the Common Areas
within such tenant's demised premises. Notwithstanding the foregoing, following the expiration of the calendar year in
which the term of this Lease shall commence Tenant's annual Common Area Charge in each subsequent calendar year
of the Initial Term of the Lease and any renewals thereof shall not increase by more than seven percent (7%) the
amount payable in the immediately preceding calendar year (on a cumulative basis) during the original Lease Term or
any renewals thereof; provided, however, the foregoing limitation shall not apply to Landlord's cost of Common Area
snow and ice removal, utilities and security. At the date of this Lease, Tenant’s Common Area Charge is calculated to
be .0758% of the total Shopping Center common area charges.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article, there shall be excluded or subtracted from or credited against
Common Area Charges, as the case may be, the following:

(a) Repairs or other work occasioned by fire, windstorm or other casualty, to the extent that the costs of which
are reimbursed to Landlord by insurers or by governmental authorities in eminent domain.
{b) Leasing commissions, attorney’s fees, costs and disbursements and other expenses incurred in connection

with negotiations for leases with tenants, other occupants of the Shopping Center and similar costs incurred
in connection with disputes between Landlord and tenants of the Shopping Center.

(c) Costs incurred in renovating or otherwise improving or decorating or redecorating space for tenants or other
occupants in the Shopping Center or vacant leasable space in the Shopping Center.
(d) Costs of correcting defects (including latent defects) in the construction of the Shopping Center, parking

area, or other improvements, or in the equipment used therein, except that, for the purposes of this
subparagraph, conditions resulting from ordinary wear and tear and use, fire, casualty, vandalism, and other
matters not occasioned by construction defects shall not be deemed defects.

(e) Depreciation and amortization of Landlord’s original investment in capital improvements, in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied.
@ Costs (limited to penalties, fines and associated legal expenses) incurred due to the violation by Landlord of

the terms and conditions of the Lease, and applicable to federal, state, and local governmental laws,
ordinances, orders, rules and regulations that would not have been incurred but for any such violation by
Landlord.

(g) Overhead and profit increments paid to subsidiaries of Landlord for services on or to the Shopping Center
(unless credited to the Common Area), any appurtenant parking area, or the property on which the Premises
are located, to the extent that the costs of such services exceed competitive costs for such services rendered
by persons or entities of similar skill, competence and experience, other than a subsidiary of Landlord.

(h) Interest on debt or amortization payments on any mortgage or mortgages, and rental under any ground or
underlying leases or lease (except to the extent the same may be made to pay or reimburse, or may be
measured by, ad valorem taxes).

(i) Except for the Administrative Fee and Management Fee set forth in Article VHB, costs of Landlord’s
general corporate overhead and general administrative expenses, which would not be chargeable to Common
Area Charge of the Shopping Center or parking area in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, consistently applied.
@
(kK)
Q)

(m)
()

(0)

{p)
(q)
@)

(s)

0)

(u)

(vy)

all services for which Tenant specifically reimburses Landlord or for which Tenant pays directly to third
persons.

Advertising and promotional expenses incurred to publicize the Shopping Center primarily for leasing
purposes.

Net recoveries from insurance policies taken out by Landlord, to the extent that the proceeds reimburse
Landlord for expenses which have previously been included or which would otherwise be included in
Common Area Charges;

Contributions to Common Area Charges by tenants or occupants whose space is permitted by the provisions
of this Lease to be excluded from the denominator of Tenant’s Proportionate Share fraction.

The cost of providing or performing improvements, work or repairs to or within any portion of the premises
of any other tenants or occupants in the Shopping Center or to any other building which is not part of the
Common Areas.

The cost of providing or performing improvements, work or repairs to or within any portion of the premises
of any other tenants or occupants in the Shopping Center or to any other building which is not part of the
Common Areas.

Interest upon depreciation taken for the year in question or upon the undepreciated portion of any capital
costs or capital expenses otherwise permitted hereunder.

Any interest, costs, amortization of or principa] payments on or with respect to any debt or financing as well
as any interest and penalties incurred as a result of Landlord’s Jate payment of any bill.

Leasing commissions; costs incurred in connection with the original development or original leasing of the
Shopping Center or future re-leasing of the Shopping Center; advertising and promotional costs, except as
provided in Addendum; and costs incurred in connection with disputes with other tenants and third parties.
Costs that are attributable to goods or services performed or furnished by persons or entities who are related
to Landlord, to the extent that such costs (a) are not based on the actual costs incurred by Landlord or (b)
exceed the fair market value of the item or service furnished, as reflected by costs for the same generally
available from alternative unrelated sources in the geographic area in which the Premises is located (this
provision shall not be applicable o the administrative fee and management fee allowed Landlord pursuant to
this Article VII).

Capital costs or capital expenses, except as expressly permitted in this Lease. With respect to any Common
Area Charge item that is treated as a capital cost or a capital expenditure under either generally accepted
accounting principles (“GAAP”) or Internal Revenue Code (“IRC”) guidelines, Tenant’s Common Area
Charges for each calendar year shall include only the annual amount of depreciation for such item permitted
under GAAP or IRC guidelines (calculated on a straight-line basis) applicable to such calendar year. The
amortization of such depreciation shall be based upon the normal useful life of such item as specified under
GAAP or the IRC guidelines.

Expenses incurred to comply with any governmental regulations and rules or any court order, decree or
judgment including, without limitation, the Americans with Disabilities Act, or (ii) as a result of Landlord’s
alleged violation of or failure to comply with any governmental regulations and rules or any court order,
decree or judgment.

amounts billed (directly or indirectly) for salaries, except salaries of persons, other than Landlord’s
executives, that have direct supervisory responsibility for the Shopping Center, prorated among all the
shopping centers under such person(s)’ supervision.

1. Tenant's Common Area Charge shall be paid in monthly installments on the first day of each month in
an amount to be estimated by Landlord. Subsequent to the expiration of the period used by Landlord in
estimating Landlord's cost, Landlord shall furnish to Tenant a statement of the actual amount of Tenant's
proportionate share of such Common Area Charge for such period and within fifteen (15) days, Tenant
shall pay to Landlord or Landlord shall remit to Tenant, as the case may be, the difference between the
estimated amounts paid by Tenant and the actual amount of Tenant's Common Area Charge for such
period as shown by such statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant’s annual Common Area
Charge (including all management and administrative fees) for the first twelve (12) consecutive calendar
months following the Rent Commencement Date, shall not exceed the estimated Common Area Charge
stated in Article I, Section A(12) of the Lease.

2. In the event Tenant's share of annual Common Area Maintenance charges shall increase by ten percent
(10%) or more over the prior calendar year, and provided Tenant is not in default of its obligations
under this Lease, Tenant shall have the right, at its expense during the normal business hours (excluding
the calendar months of January, February and March), at a location to be determined by Landlord. and
upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to Landlord, to conduct an audit of Landlord’s Common Area

10
VE

A.

maintenance costs and expenses incurred during the immediately preceding twelve (12) month period.
Tenant shall thereafter supply Landlord with a copy of such audit within fifteen (15) days from receipt
thereof. Tenant's rights hereunder may be exercised only by independent certified public accountants
and Tenant’s attorney(s). In no event shall such audit be conducted by any (a) former employee of
Landlord or Landlord's managing agent or (b) any auditor working for a contingency fee or fee based
upon Tenant's savings or refund. In the event Tenant's audit shall disclose an overpayment by Tenant,
Landlord shall refund such overpayment to Tenant within fourteen (14) days of receipt of Tenant's audit,
unless Landlord shall in good faith, contest the results of Tenant's audit. Tenant shall keep any
information gained from such audit confidential and such information may be used by Tenant only in
dealing directly with Landlord (or as may be required by law, by any court, or any other proceeding
pursuant to which Tenant is required to release such information). No subtenant shall have the right to
audit Landlord's records and no assignee of Tenant shall have the right to audit Landlord's records
pertaining to years prior to the effective date of such assignment. Tenant shall be deemed to have
waived the right to dispute any matter relating to Tenant's Common Area Maintenance charge if such
audit is not conducted within twelve (12) months of delivery to Tenant of the billing statement setting
forth the exact amount of such costs incurred by Landlord.

Reserve Account. In addition to Tenant's contribution for Common Area maintenance as provided at Article VII,
Section B, above, Tenant shall also be required to pay to Landlord an amount equal to the amount per square foot of
gross leasable area of the Premises per year set forth in Article 1(A), Section 12, above, or such other sum as
determined by Landlord, representing Tenant's contribution for "major repairs" to or replacement of Common Area
improvements performed by Landlord subsequent to the Commencement Date. Tenant's contribution to the Reserve
Account shall be paid in equal monthly installments during the Term of this Lease or any renewals thereof, in advance,
on or before the first day of each calendar month, The term "major repairs" shall include, but shall not be limited to
repairs to or replacement of parking Jot surfaces, sidewalks and utility lines. Funds contributed by Tenant to the
Reserve Account shall not be applied to the items recited in Article VII, Section B, above, but shall be retained by
Landlord until such time as Landlord shall perform a major repair, regardless of the date(s) such amount was
contributed by Tenant. In no event shall Tenant be entitled to a refund of the amounts so contributed by Tenant to the
Reserve Account.

UTILITIES AND RUBBISH DISPOSAL

Utility Charges. Commencing on the date Landlord delivers the Premises to Tenant, Tenant shall pay for all utilities
provided to or for the benefit of the Premises, including but not limited to water/sewer, demand or reservation fees, gas,
electricity, fuel, light, heat, power, telephone, cable, and trash and garbage removal, together with all taxes levied or
other charges on such utilities and governmental charges based on utility consumption. Tenant shall, at its sole cost
and expense, pay for the cost of installation of meters for the Premises and any and all related costs and expenses if
such meters do not already exist at the Premises.

If any utilities are not separately metered or are only partly separately metered and are used in common with other
tenants of the Shopping Center, Tenant shall pay to Landiord its prorata share of such charges computed by multiplying
such charges by the ratio of the square feet within the Premises to the square feet of all tenants using such common
facilities.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord shall have the right, but not the obligation, to supply Tenant with any or all
utility services provided to or for the benefit of the Premises and Tenant shall pay the cost of such utility service(s) to
Landlord. In the event Landlord supplies any such utility service(s), Tenant shall reimburse Landlord within ten (10)
days after the delivery by Landlord to Tenant of a statement for the cost of any such utility service(s) supplied by
Landlord. In no event, however, shall the cost of such utility service(s) supplied by Landlord exceed a rate which
Tenant would otherwise pay for such utility service(s) if Tenant obtained such utility service(s) directly from the
applicable utility supplier. Landlord and Tenant further agree that Landlord shall have the right to discontinue
supplying such utility service(s) upon ten (10) days prior written notice to Tenant, provided Landlord shail not
discontinue such utility service(s) until Tenant has obtained the discontinued utility service(s) from the applicable
utility supplier and Tenant has provided Landlord with written notice thereof.
Landlord and Tenant hereby acknowledge that electrical service to the Premises may be furnished by one or more
companies providing electrical generation, transmission and/or distribution services. Landlord hereby reserves the
right to charge Tenant for the cost of electrical service to the Premises as a single charge or divided into and billed ina
variety of categories such as distribution charges, transmission charges, generation charges, public good charges or
other similar categories. Landlord further reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to select the company(ies) providing
electrical service(s) to the Shopping Center, including the Premises, to aggregate the electrical service for the Premises
and other premises within the Shopping Center, to purchase electricity for the Shopping Center, including the
Premises, through a broker and/or buyers group and to change the providers and/or manner of purchasing electricity
from time to time. Landlord shall be entitled to receive a reasonable fee (if permitted by law) for the services provided
by Landlord in connection with the selection of utility companies and the negotiation and administration of contracts
for the generation of electricity to the Shopping Center. In addition, if Landlord bills Tenant directly for the cost of
electricity service to the Premises, the cost of electricity service may include (if permitted by law) an administrative fee
to reimburse Landlord for the cost of reading meters, preparing invoices and related costs. In no event, however, shall
the cost of such utility service(s) supplied by Landlord, exceed a rate which Tenant would otherwise pay for such
utility service(s) if Tenant obtained such utility service(s) directly from the most economical and available utility
supplier.

B. Rubbish Disposal. Landlord reserves the right to implement a uniform program of rubbish removal which shall be
applicable to all tenants in the Shopping Center, exclusive of major tenants. Landlord shall implement such program
by (i) the initial acquisition by purchase or lease of disposal facilities, including but not limited to, compactor(s), baling
machine(s) and/or incinerator(s), and the cost of initial acquisition and installation of such equipment or facilities shall
be reimbursable to Landlord within thirty (30) days from receipt of Landlord's invoice based upon a proration from
each tenant according to the projected use of such facilities, (ii) the implementation of uniform and objective rules and
regulations for the storage, separation and disposal of rubbish, and (iii) establishment of guidelines for the scheduled
and permitted uses of any such facilities, alternate methods of disposing of any rubbish which is not compatible with
the facility, and a schedule of costs and fees to each tenant for the use of said facilities (inclusive of the cost of any
required maintenance of such facilities and the cost of removal of the by-product from the Shopping Center).
Landlord, in its sole discretion, shall have the right to retain the services of an independent consultant the cost of which
shall be included in the total cost of the program. Landlord reserves the right to utilize the facilities to dispose of
Common Area rubbish and such cost, if any, shall be included in the Common Area charge.

The foregoing provision of this Article VIII, Section B, to the contrary notwithstanding, Tenant shall not be obligated
to participate in any rubbish disposal program of Landlord or pay any costs under this Section B, if the costs payable
by Tenant under this Section B are greater than the costs Tenant would pay for such rubbish disposal services if
Tenant obtained such service directly from a local provider.

In no event shall Landlord be liable for the quality, quantity, failure, or interruption of the foregoing utility and rubbish
disposal services to the Premises.

IX. USE OF PREMISES BY TENANT

A. Tenant's Use of Premises. Tenant shall use the Premises only for the uses set forth in Article 1(A), Section 4, of this
Lease and for no other purpose.

B. Operation of Business. Tenant agrees to open its store for business on or before the Outside Opening Date, fully
fixtured, stocked and staffed and to continuously conduct in 100% of the Premises, at least, in any event, from 6:00
A.M. to 6:00 P.M. on all business days during the Term of this Lease and any renewal or extension thereof, the
business described in Article I(A), Section 4, above, except where Tenant is prevented from doing so by strikes,
casualty or other causes beyond Tenant's control. In addition, Tenant agrees to keep the Premises open for business to
the public during such extended hours as Landlord may establish for the Shopping Center during recognized holiday
seasons and any special promotional events, provided that a majority of the other existing non-anchor tenants are open
during such extended hours. Tenant recognizes it is a material consideration to Landlord that Tenant produce the
maximum Gross Sales possible from the Premises during the Lease Term. In no event, however, will Tenant first open
for business on any day after 10:00 P.M. or before 6:00 A.M. without Landlord's prior written consent.

Recognizing the difficulty or impossibility of determining Landlord’s damages for loss of percentage rent anticipated
from Tenant and/or occupants of the Shopping Center or for loss of values of the Shopping Center because of

12
diminished salability, mortgagability, adverse publicity or appearance which may result if Tenant shall fail to (i) open
for business fully fixtured, stocked and staffed on the Outside Opening Date and/or (ii) fail to operate its business
within the Premises in accordance with this Article IX, Section B, and/or (iii) vacate or abandon the Premises and/or
(iv) operate in the Premises as otherwise required by Landlord, then and in any such event the Landlord shall, in
addition to any other remedy available to Landlord under this Lease, have the right to collect from Tenant in addition
to and together with minimum rent due under the Lease, and as liquidated damages for such breach, an amount equal to
One Hundred Dollars ($100.00) per day for each day during such time as any one or more of the aforementioned events
shall continue. The parties hereby acknowledge and agree that such additional amount represents a reasonable estimate
of Landlord’s damages sustained by reason of Tenant's breach For purposes of this Article IX, the terms “vacate” and
“abandon” shall not be abrogated because Tenant may have left all or any part of its trade fixtures, furniture,
furnishings or stock-in-trade within the Premises.

Exclusive Use. Provided that Tenant is in possession of the Premises and operating its business therein without default
and Tenant has not defaulted under any of the terms and conditions contained in this Lease more than twice during the
Term of this Lease, Landlord agrees that it will not enter into a lease or consent to the use and occupancy of any other
space within the Shopping Center by a tenant, subtenant, assignee, licensee or concessionaire (collectively "Occupant")
whose Principal Business (as hereinafter defined) is the retail sale of bagels, bakery products and deli sandwiches,
including deli meats, (the "Exclusive Use"). As used herein, the term "Principal Business” shall mean any business
devoting more than twenty percent (20%) of its sales floor area or menu items to the retail sale of bagels, bakery
products and deli sandwiches, and deli meats. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the
foregoing Exclusive Use shall not be applicable to the units occupied by New China Restaurant and Subway, the
occupant of any outparcel adjacent to the Shopping Center, any existing Shopping Center tenant whose lease, as of the
date of this Lease, does not prohibit the subject premises to be used in violation of the Exclusive Use, or any of their
successors, or assigns. In the event Tenant ceases to operate its business in the Premises, or defaults under the terms
and conditions contained in this Lease more than twice during the Term of this Lease, the Exclusive Use shall
terminate as of the date Tenant ceases to operate its business in the Premises or the date of the third default, whichever
shall be the case, and thereafter the Exclusive Use shall be null, void and of no further effect.

Landlord and Tenant acknowledge that the Exclusive Use has been included herein at the sole request of Tenant, and in
the event the Exclusive Use shall be construed to be or shall be declared to be invalid or unenforceable by the decision
of any court or any governmental agency having jurisdiction over such matters or by the enactment of any law,
ordinance or regulation, or in the event the Exclusive Use shall be construed to be or shall be declared to be in
violation of any law, rule or regulation, including but not limited to any anti-trust laws, rules or regulations, Tenant
agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Landlord harmless from and against any claim, demand, damage, cost or liability,
including reasonable attorney fees and court costs, arising from Landlord's grant of the Exclusive Use. Tenant hereby
further agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Landlord harmless against any claim, demand, damage, cost or liability,
including reasonable attorney fees and court costs, arising from any claim, demand, action or proceedings brought by a
third party against Landlord based upon the grant by Landlord of the Exclusive Use.

In the event of a violation of the foregoing covenant by Landlord, Tenant shall not be entitled to monetary damages nor
shal! Tenant be entitled to injunctive relief. Tenant's sole remedy shall be to either (i) remain in possession of the
Premises and continue to operate its business therein subject to an adjustment in the computation of rent as hereinafter
provided, or (ii) terminate this Lease.

(i) Retain Possession. In the event Landlord shall violate the Exclusive Use, then commencing on the date an
Occupant opens for business in the Shopping Center in violation of the Exclusive Use, Tenant shall pay fifty percent
(50%) of Minimum Rent, then due and payable under the terms of this Lease, until the earlier to occur of (i), the date
the Occupant ceases violating the Exclusive Use, (ii) the date Tenant ceases selling bagels, bakery products and deli
sandwiches as its Principal Business in the Premises or (iii) the first date of the renewal period, if any, (such reduced
Minimum Rent period hereinafter referred to as “Reduced Minimum Rent Period”). The reduced Minimum Rent shall
be due and payable in the same manner as full Minimum Rent hereunder. At the expiration of the Reduced Minimum
Rent Period Tenant's obligation to pay Minimum Rent shall be fully reinstated without any obligation of prior notice
thereof by Landlord to Tenant. Nothing contained herein shall be construed to relieve Tenant of its obligation to pay
real estate taxes, Common Area Charges, or Insurance during the Reduced Minimum Rent Period.
In the event the Reduced Minimum Rent Period shall expire and the Occupant continues to violate the Exclusive Use,
then Tenant’s sole remedy shall be either (i) to terminate the Lease or (ii) remain in possession of the Premises and
continue to operate its business therein.

Gi) Terminate, In the event Landlord shall violate the Exclusive Use, and the Occupant continues to violate the
Exclusive Use beyond the Reduced Minimum Rent Period, Tenant shall have the right to terminate this Lease by giving
Landlord written notice of termination within thirty (30) days after the expiration of the Reduced Minimum Rent
Period. Termination of the Lease shall be effective thirty (30) days after the date Landlord receives Tenant's notice of
termination (the "Termination Date"), provided that Tenant pays to Landlord all sums and charges due and owing by
Tenant to Landlord through and including the Termination Date, including but not limited to Minimum Rent,
Percentage Rent, Additional Charges and any other amount due hereunder. Any sum which cannot be exactly
determined by Landlord as of the Termination Date shall be paid by Tenant to Landlord within thirty (30) days after
receipt by Tenant of a statement for said sums. The obligation of Tenant to pay any such sums shall survive the
termination of this Lease. In the event Tenant shall not terminate this Lease within the thirty (30) day period set forth
above, Tenant shall be deemed to have waived its right to terminate this Lease unless a subsequent breach of the
Exclusive Use shall occur. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in the event the Exclusive Use
shall be violated by another Shopping Center tenant because said tenant is operating in its premises in default of its
permitted use as set forth in such tenant's lease, Landlord shall not be deemed to have violated Tenant's Exclusive Use,
and Tenant shall not have the right to terminate this Lease, so long as Landlord is diligently attempting to enjoin such
tenant from violating Tenant's Exclusive Use.

in the event Tenant ceases to operate sell at retail, bagels, bakery products, deli sandwiches and deli meats as its
Principal Business for a period of ninety (90) consecutive days, this Article 1X, Section C, and Tenant's rights
hereunder shall automatically become null and void and of no further force and effect.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in the event the Exclusive Use shall be violated by another
Shopping Center tenant because said tenant is operating in its premises in default of its permitted use as set forth in
such tenant's lease (“Other Violating Tenant”), Landlord shall have a period of seventy five (75) days following
Tenant’s notice (“Cure Period”) to commence and diligently prosecute an action to enjoin such violation, provided,
however, Landlord shall have no obligation to appeal the judgment beyond the trial court level. In the event Landlord
fails to cure such default within the Cure Period, then, in such event, Tenant’s right to revert to Substitute Rent shall be
retroactive to the date the Tenant provided notice to the Landlord of the violation of the Exclusive Use and shall be
recalculated on such basis, and Tenant shall be allowed to offset against Substitute Rent coming due after Landlord’s
Cure Period any rents and other payments paid by Tenant for periods prior to the expiration of Landlord’s Cure Period
that are in excess of Substitute Rent for Landlord’s Cure Period. The payment of Substitute Rent shall continue until
the earlier to occur of (i) the date Tenant is not longer operating as a bagel restaurant as its Primary Business or (ii) the
date the Other Violating Tenant ceases to violate the Exclusive Use. Tenant's obligation to pay Minimum Rent,
Percentage Rent, Common Area Charge, Real Estate taxes and Insurance Charge set forth in this Lease shall thereafter
be fully reinstated without any obligation of prior notice thereof by Landlord to Tenant.

X. TENANT'S COVENANTS WITH RESPECT TO OCCUPANCY

A. Tenant agrees:

1. To occupy the Premises in a safe and careful manner and in compliance with all laws, ordinances, rules,
regulations and orders of any governmental bodies having jurisdiction over the Premises, and without
committing or permitting waste;

2. To neither do nor suffer anything to be done or kept in or about the Premises which contravenes Landlord's
insurance policies or increases the premiums therefor;

3. To keep its show or display windows, canopy and electric signs lighted until at least 9:30 P.M. local time of
each day or until thirty (30) minutes after the close of each business day, whichever is the later;

4. To permit no reproduction of sound which is audible outside the Premises nor permit odors to be
unreasonably dispelled from the Premises:

14
10.

12.

To place no sign on the exterior of the Premises or on the interior surface of any windows of the Premises
without Landlord's prior written consent and in accordance with the requirements of Exhibit "D" attached
hereto. Tenant shall maintain all signs placed upon the Premises by Tenant in good condition and repair.
Tenant agrees not to display any banners, pennants, search lights, window signs, balloons, or similar
temporary advertising media on or about the Premises. Upon vacating the Premises, Tenant agrees to remove
all signs installed by Tenant and repair all damage caused by such removal in accordance with Article XI,
Section D, of this Lease;

To place no merchandise, sign or other thing of any kind in the vestibule or entry of the Premises or on the
sidewalks or other Common Areas adjacent thereto;

To park Tenant's vehicles and to require all employees to park only in such places as may be designated from
time to time by Landlord for the use of Tenant and its employees, and specifically not to permit parking of
any Tenant or employee vehicles in any service court area. Landlord reserves the right to impose fines
against Tenant for any violation of these parking restrictions by Tenant and/or Tenant's employees and to
have towed, at Tenant's cost and expense, any automobile parked in violation of this Section;

To keep any rubbish, garbage and waste generated by Tenant from the Premises in proper dumpsters
provided by Tenant adjacent to the premises or such other area designated by Landlord from time to time
until such rubbish, garbage and waste is removed from the Shopping Center and to permit no refuse to
accumulate around the exterior of the Premises;

To neither load nor unload or permit the loading or unloading of merchandise, equipment or other property
from any doors of the Premises that open onto the front sidewalk areas, nor from any other doors except from
the rear of the Premises and to use its best efforts to prevent the parking or standing of vehicles and
equipment upon Shopping Center land except when actually engaged in loading or unloading.
Notwithstanding anything otherwise contained herein, in the event Tenant is unable to accept deliveries from
the rear of the Premises, Tenant may accept deliveries from the front of the Premises (“Front Door
Delivery”), provided such delivery does not unreasonably interfere with or restrict use of the Common areas
and sidewalks of the Shopping Center. In the event such Front Door Delivery shall interfere with the use of
the Common areas, Tenant shall immediately, upon oral notice from Landlord, arrange for such delivery to
occur after business hours of the Shopping Center. In the event Tenant violates this covenant, Tenant shall
have twenty-four (24) hours following receipt of notice from Landlord (which notice may be given by
personal delivery to the Premises including, but not limited to, oral notice by Landlord's representative at the
Shopping Center) to cease such activity or be deemed to be in default under this Lease, notwithstanding any
cure periods set forth in Article XVI, and Landlord shall have the immediate right to evoke any legal or
equitable remedies to enjoin Tenant from such activity;

To conduct no auction, fire, bankruptcy, liquidation or going-out-of-business sale without the prior written
consent of Landlord;

. To permit Landlord free access to the Premises at all reasonable times for the purpose of examining or

making repairs to the Premises that Landlord may deem necessary or desirable for the safety or preservation
thereof;

Not to permit to be attached or recorded against the Premises or any other portion of the Shopping Center
any lien, encumbrance or charge arising out of any work performed or materials furnished by any contractor,
mechanic, laborer, or materialman for or at the request of Tenant. Tenant will not enter into any mortgages,
conditional sale, security agreement or the like instrument nor suffer any other matter or thing whereby the
estate, right and interest of Landlord in the Premises or any part thereof might be impaired or diminished. If
any lien or notice of lien on account of an alleged debt of Tenant or any notice of contract by a party engaged
by Tenant or Tenant’s contractor to work on the Premises is filed against the Premises or any part of the
Shopping Center, Tenant will, within ten (10) calendar days after notice of the filing thereof, cause the same
to be discharged of record by payment. deposit, bond, order of a court of competent jurisdiction, letter of
credit or other adequate security. If Tenant fails to cause such lien or notice of lien to be discharged within
such period, Landlord may. but shall not be obligated to. discharge the same either by paying the amounts
claimed to be due or by procuring the discharge of such lien by deposit, bond or otherwise, and Tenant shall,

15
immediately upon demand, reimburse Landlord for any and all costs and expenses incurred by Landiord to
discharge such lien including, without limitation, all attorneys’ fees, court costs and similar expenses, plus an
administrative fee equal to fifteen percent (15%) of all out of pocket costs incurred by Landlord. In addition,
Tenant shall indemnify and hold Landlord and Landlord’s lender, if any, harmless from and against all loss,
cost, expense and liability whatsoever (including Landlord’s cost of defending against the foregoing, such
cost to include attorneys’ fees) resulting or occurring by reason of any claims or causes of actions that may
arise as a result of any lien, notice of lien or, claim relating to work and/or materials furnished to the
Premises at the request of Tenant, its employees, agents or contractors;

13. To solicit no business in the Common Areas, nor distribute handbills or other advertising matter to
customers, nor place the same in or on automobiles in the Common Areas;

14. To comply with all reasonable rules and regulations which Landlord may from time to time establish for the
use and care of the Premises and the Common Areas, to the extent applicable;

15. Intentionally deleted;

16. To shut off all exhaust fans, if any, servicing the Premises at all times when Premises are closed; shall keep
the Premises heated or air conditioned, as the case may be, to at least the same minimum temperature (in the
case of heat) or at the same maximum temperature (in the case of air-conditioning) as Landlord shall attempt
to maintain in such mall, if applicable;

17. To participate in any reasonable window cleaning and exterminating programs that may be established by
Landlord;

18. To prohibit the operation on the Premises or in any part of the Shopping Center of any coin or token-
operated vending machines, video games or similar devices;

19. To permit Landlord or its agents, during the ninety (90) day period preceding the expiration of the Term of
this Lease, to show the Premises to potential tenants, and to place on the Premises notices offering the
Premises for lease or sale: and

20. That it shall not make any penetrations through the roof of the Premises without the prior written consent of
Landlord.

21. In the event Landlord elects to make any additions or changes to the Premises and/or Shopping Center,
Tenant shall, at Landlord’s sole cost and expense, upon Landlord’s request: (i) temporarily relocate and/or
remove Tenant’s signage; and/or (ii) modify Tenant’s signage to conform to Landlord’s signage criteria, then
in effect, that applies to the Shopping Center, provided such requirements are uniformly applied and
enforced.

XI. REPAIRS AND ALTERATIONS

A.

Repairs by Landlord. Landlord shall keep the foundations, roof, and structural portions of the outer walls of the
Premises and the Shopping Center in good repair, except for repairs required thereto by reason of the acts of Tenant,
Tenant's employees. agents, invitees, licensees, or contractors. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, some
or all of these repairs will be subject to inclusion in Tenant’s Common Area Charge, including, but not limited to, the
cost of painting of the outer walls of the Shopping Center buildings including the Premises. Tenant shall give
Landiord written notice of the necessity for repairs coming to the attention of Tenant following which Landlord shall
have a reasonable time to undertake and complete such repairs. The provisions of this Article X1, Section A, shall not
apply in the case of damage or destruction by fire or other casualty or by Eminent Domain, in which events the
obligations of Landlord shall be controlled by either Article XIII or Article XV hereof.

It is expressly understood that Landlord shall not be responsible for any portions of the Premises constructed by Tenant
or any prior occupant of the Premises.

Repairs by Tenant. Except as provided in Article XI, Section A, Tenant shall keep the Premises and any fixtures,
facilities, signs or equipment contained therein, in good condition and repair, including. but not limited to, exterior and
interior portions of all doors, door checks and operations, windows, plate glass, and showcases surrounding the
Premises, the heating. air conditioning. electrical, plumbing and sewer systems, the exterior doors, window frames, and
XI.

all portions of the store front area, and shall make any replacements thereof and of all broken and/or cracked plate and
window glass which may become necessary during the term of this Lease, and any renewals thereof, excepting any
repairs to items of Landlord's original construction made necessary by reason of damage due to fire or other casualty
covered by standard fire and extended coverage insurance. In connection with Tenant's obligation to maintain the
HVAC system servicing the Premises, Tenant shall, during the Term of this Lease, and any renewals thereof, at its sole
cost and expense, maintain a service contract for the routine performance of standard HVAC system maintenance,
including but not limited to, periodic replacement of filters, oiling of mechanical components and inspection for wear
and tear. Landlord reserves the right to designate an HVAC contractor with whom Tenant shall contract for such
routine HVAC maintenance so long as the fee’ charged by Landlord’s designated contractor shall be the same or less
than the fee charged by Tenant's contractor for similar services. If Tenant fails to commence or complete repairs
promptly and adequately, Landlord may make or complete said repairs and Tenant shall pay the cost thereof to
Landlord upon demand, together with the sum of fifteen percent (15%) of said costs for overhead and an additional
sum equal to ten percent (10%) of said amount for profit.

Alterations or Improvements by Tenant. Tenant shall not, without Landlord's prior written consent, make, nor
permit to be made, any alterations, additions or improvements to the Premises which Landlord can withhold in its sole
discretion. Any alterations which may be permitted by Landlord shall be based upon plans and specifications
submitted by Tenant and approved by Landlord and upon the condition that Tenant shall promptly pay all costs,
expenses, and charges thereof, shall make such alterations and improvements in accordance with applicable laws and
building codes and ordinances and in a good and workmanlike manner, and shall fully and completely indemnify
Landlord against any mechanic's lien or other liens or claims in connection with the making of such alterations,
additions, or improvements. Tenant shall promptly repair any damages to the Premises, or to the buildings of which
the Premises are a part, caused by any alterations, additions or improvements to the Premises by Tenant.

Removal of Improvements. All items of Landlord's construction, all heating and air conditioning equipment, and all
alterations, additions and other improvements by Tenant shall become the property of Landlord and shall not be
removed from the Premises. All trade fixtures, furniture, furnishings, and signs installed in the Premises by Tenant and
paid for by Tenant shall remain the property of Tenant and may be removed upon the expiration of the term of this
Lease; provided (i) that any of such items as are affixed to the Premises and require severance may be removed only if
Tenant repairs any damage caused by such removal and (ii) that Tenant shall have fully performed all of the covenants
and agreements to be performed by Tenant under the provisions of this Lease. If Tenant fails to remove such items
from the Premises prior to the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease, all such trade fixtures, furniture,
furnishings, and signs shall become the property of Landlord unless Landlord elects to require their removal, in which
case Tenant shall promptly remove same and restore the Premises to its prior condition. In the event Tenant fails to
remove all such trade fixtures, furniture. furnishings, and signs within ten (10) days after Landlord elects to require
their removal, Landlord shall have the right to remove same and sell such trade fixtures, furniture, furnishings, and
signs to pay for the cost of removal. Notwithstanding anything contained to the contrary in this Lease, if Tenant
removes such items from the Premises but fails to repair any damage caused by such removal, Landlord may make or
complete said repairs without providing Tenant notice prior to the commencement of said repairs. Tenant shall pay the
cost thereof to Landlord upon demand, together with the sum of fifteen percent (15%) of said costs for overhead.
Tenant’s obligations under this Section D shall survive the termination of this Lease.

INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE
A.

Indemnification by Tenant. Tenant will indemnify and hold Landlord harmless from and against all loss, cost,
expense, and liability whatsoever (including Landlord's cost of defending against the foregoing, such cost to include
attorney's fees) resulting or occurring by reason of Tenant's construction, use or occupancy of the Premises, except due
to the negligence of Landlord). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant’s indemnification obligation as set forth herein
shall be limited to the extent of the coverage provided under Landlord’s insurance for such indemnity.

Indemnification by Landlord. Landlord shail indemnify and hold Tenant barmless from and against all loss, cost,
expense and liability whatsoever (including Tenant's cost of defending against the foregoing. such cost to include
reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising solely from the negligence or intentional acts of Landlord in the Common Areas,
excluding, however, any such Joss, cost, expense or liability arising from any accident, injury or damage caused
directly or indirectly by the negligent or willful acts or omissions of Tenant or Tenant's representatives.

17
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord’s indemnification obligation as set forth herein shall be limited to the extent
of the coverage provided under Landlord’s insurance for such indemnity.

Commercial General Liability Insurance. Tenant agrees to carry public liability insurance covering the Premises
and Tenant's use thereof, together with contractual liability endorsements covering Tenant's obligations set forth in
Article XII, Section A, above, in companies and in a form satisfactory to Landlord with an A.M. Best Rating or its
equivalent of A-VIII or better, and with a minimum limit of One Million and 00/100 Dollars ($1,000,000.00) on
account of bodily injuries to or death or property damage for each occurrence and a minimum limit of Two Million
Dollars ($2,000,000.00) general aggregate. Such insurance shall also provide that the general aggregate limits apply
separately to each insured location, if applicable. Tenant shall deposit with Landlord prior to the date of any use or
occupancy of the Premises by Tenant certificates evidencing the required coverages. Tenant's insurance policy shall
name Landlord and such other parties as Landlord may from time to time designate in writing to Tenant as additional
insureds under Tenant's insurance policy and shall bear endorsements to the effect that the insurer agrees to notify all
additional insureds not less than thirty (30) days in advance of any modification or cancellation thereof.

Landlord's Liability. Landlord shall not be liable (i) for any damage to Tenant's property jocated in the Premises,
regardless of the cause of such damage, (ii) for any acts or omissions of other tenants of the Shopping Center, nor (iii)
for any condition of the Premises whatsoever unless Landlord is responsible for the repair thereof, and has failed to
make such repair after notice from Tenant of the need therefor, and expiration of a reasonable time for the making of
such repair.

Special Form Coverage Insurance. Landlord agrees to carry policies insuring the improvements on the Shopping
Center constructed by Landlord against fire and such other perils as are normally covered by extended coverage
endorsements in the county where the Premises are located, in an amount equal to at least eighty percent (80%) of the
insurable value of such improvements, together with insurance against such other risks (including, but not limited to,
earthquake, flood, loss of rent and such other coverages as Landlord, in its reasonable discretion, deems appropriate for
similarly located shopping centers) and in such amounts as Landlord deems appropriate. Tenant agrees that Tenant’s
contribution to the foregoing insurance shall be as provided for in Article 1, Section 13 and Article XII, Section G, of
this Lease and that Tenant shall pay its share of the foregoing insurance per said Articles; provided, however, that
Tenant shall have no rights in said policy or policies maintained by Landlord and shall not, by reason of such
reimbursement, be entitled to be a named insured thereunder. In the event any of Landlord's policies insures Premises
or risks other than the Shopping Center or the rents therefrom, the statement of the insurer shall be conclusive as to the
portion of the total premium attributable to the Shopping Center. Tenant agrees to carry insurance against fire and such
other risks as are, from time to time, included in standard extended coverage endorsements, insuring all leasehold and
building improvements in the Premises which were originally constructed by Tenant, Tenant's stock-in-trade, trade
fixtures, furniture, furnishings. special equipment, floor and wall coverings, and all other items of personal property of
Tenant located on or within the Premises, such coverage to be in an amount equal to at least eighty percent (80%) of.
the replacement cost thereof. Tenant's insurance policy hereunder shall name Landlord and such other parties as
Landlord may from time to time designate in writing to Tenant as loss payee under Tenant's insurance policy. Prior to
the Commencement Date of this Lease, Tenant shall furnish Landlord with a certificate evidencing such coverage.

Workers’ Compensation. Tenant agrees that commencing on the date Tenant first enters the Premises, Tenant shall, at
Tenant's sole cost and expense, provide and maintain or cause to be provided and maintained workers’ compensation
insurance (meeting the requirements of the state workers’ compensation laws) and employer liability insurance covering
all of Tenant's employees at the Premises. Tenant shall also use good faith efforts to ensure all contractors, sub-
contractors, vendors, Jeased employees, and temporary employees are properly insured for workers’ compensation.

Mutual Waiver of Subrogation. All insurance policies required to be carried by either party covering the Premises,
including but not limited to contents, fire, and casualty insurance, shall to the extent permitted by law expressly waive
any right on the part of the insurer against the other party. The parties hereto agree that their policies will include such
waiver clause or endorsement so long as the same shall be obtainable without extra cost, or if extra shall be charged
therefor, so long as the other party pays such extra cost. If cost shall be chargeable therefor, each party shall advise the
other thereof and of the amount of extra cost, and the other party, at its election, may pay the same, but shall not be
obligated to do so. The failure of any insurance policy to include such waiver clause or endorsement shall not affect
the validity of this Lease. Tenant and Landlord further agree to waive all claims. causes of action and rights of
recovery against the other, and their respective agents, officers, and employees. for any injury to or death of persons or

18
any damage or destruction of persons, property or business which shall occur on or about the Premises originating from
any cause whatsoever including the negligence of either party and their respective agents, officers, and employees to
the extent such injury, death or property damage is required to be covered by a policy or policies maintained by either
Landlord or Tenant pursuant to this Lease. Notwithstanding the above, Landlord and Tenant agree and acknowledge
that the waiver of subrogation herein contained shall expressly extend to and include any uninsured loss paid by the
insured in the form of a deductible or self-funded retention cost.

G. Insurance Charge. Tenant agrees to pay to Landlord, in monthly installments, in advance on the first day of each
month, the amount specified in Article 1, Section 13, as a contribution toward Landlord’s cost of carrying public
liability, property damage, fire and extended coverage and such other insurance as Landlord deems appropriate,
including, but not limited to the cost of Landlord’s insurance provided in Article XII and any deductible or self-insured
retention costs incurred by Landlord in connection with any loss. Such coverage shall be for those items set forth in
Article XII, Section D, and shall specifically exclude Tenant’s personal property.

Tenant’s Insurance Charge shall be adjusted on January 1 of each calendar year immediately following the First
Calendar Year (as hereinafter defined) (the “Adjustment Date[s}”), during the term of this Lease and any renewals or
extensions thereof, as follows. Commencing from and including the applicable Adjustment Date, Tenant’s Insurance
Charge shall be an amount equal to the sum of the Insurance Charge for the immediately preceding calendar year, plus
five percent (5%) over the Insurance Charge for the immediately preceding calendar year. For purposes of this Article,
the term “First Calendar Year” shall be defined as the period commencing on the Effective Lease Date continuing
through and including the next immediately following December 31.

XHL DAMAGE AND DESTRUCTION

In the event the Premises are damaged by any peril covered by standard policies of fire and extended coverage insurance,
the damage shall, except as hereinafter provided, promptly be repaired by Landlord, at Landlord’s expense but, that in no
event shall Landlord be required to repair or replace Tenant's leasehold and building improvements in the Premises
originally constructed by Tenant, Tenant's stock-in-trade, trade fixtures, furniture, furnishings, equipment or personal
property, which shall be the obligation of Tenant to replace to at least equal condition immediately prior to such damage. In
the event (a) the Premises are damaged to the extent of twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the cost of replacement of the
Premises, (b) the buildings on the Shopping Center are damaged to the extent of fifty percent (50%) or more of the cost of
replacement, notwithstanding the extent of damages to the Premises, or (c) any damage to the Premises occurs during the
last eighteen (18) months of the term of this Lease or any renewals or extensions, Landlord may elect either to repair or
rebuild the Premises or the buildings on the Shopping Center, as the case may be or to terminate this Lease upon giving
notice of such election in writing to Tenant within ninety (90) days after the event causing the damage. If the casualty,
repairing, or rebuilding shall render the Premises untenantable, in whole or in part, a proportionate abatement of the
Minimum Rent in proportion to the sales floor area of the Premises rendered untenantable shall be allowed until the date
Landlord completes the repairs or rebuilding. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, in the event
damage occurs to the Premises during the last eighteen (18) months of the initial Lease Term, and provided Tenant exercises
its Renewal Period as set forth in Articles (A)(17) and XXHI(M), and further provided Tenant is not in default under this
Lease, then Landlord shall repair or rebuild the Premises to the extent that Landlord receives insurance proceeds from its
standard policies of fire and extended insurance coverage. Landlord shall commence repair of Tenant’s Premises within one
hundred twenty (120) days following the date of such casualty,

If at any time during the last three (3) lease years of the term hereof or any extensions or renewals thereof, the Premises shall
be damaged to the extent of twenty five (25%) or more of the cost of replacement thereof, or if the building of which the
Premises is a part shall be damaged to the extent of fifty percent (50%) or more of the cost of replacement thereof, then, in
either of such events, Tenant shall have the option to terminate this lease upon ninety (90) days prior written notice to
Landlord provided such notice is given within sixty (60) days following the date of such damage.

In the event of damage to the Premises or to the Shopping Center which Landlord is obligated to repair pursuant to this
Article XIII, if Landlord shall not have commenced such repairs within one hundred twenty (120) days of the date of the
casualty or , once commenced, should such repairs take longer than twelve (12) months, Tenant may elect to terminate this
lease upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to Landlord; provided, however that such right to terminate shall be limited
to a thirty (30) day period following said one hundred twenty (120) days or twelve (12) months, as the case may be.

19
XIV. ASSIGNING AND SUBLETTING

XV.

Tenant shall not sublet the Premises or any part thereof nor assign this Lease without in each case the prior written consent
of Landlord, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld provided that each of the following conditions are satisfied:
(i) Tenant shall not be in default under any of the terms and conditions of this Lease at the time of the proposed subletting or
assignment; (ii) the sublessee or assignee shall occupy the Premises and conduct its business therein provided, however, that
{a) such business use shall not conflict with any other Shopping Center tenants’ use of such tenants’ premises including
without limitation thereto, any exclusive rights granted to any other tenant in the Shopping Center, and (b) such business
use shall not, in Landlord's reasonable discretion, have a negative effect on the current tenant mix or reputation of the
Shopping Center; (iii) in the case of an assignment only, the net worth of the proposed assignee as of the date of such
assignment shall be equal to or greater than the net worth of Tenant (and Guarantor, if any) as the date of this Lease; (iv)
Tenant and its assignee or sublessee, as the case may be, shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to Landlord a fully
executed counterpart of the written assignment of lease or sublease within ten (10) days of the date thereof; and (v) in the
event the proposed assignment or sublease provides for, or Tenant otherwise receives rent or other consideration in excess
of that provided for in this Lease (calculated on a per square foot basis), Tenant shall pay to Landlord the amount of such
excess as it is received by or becomes due to Tenant. Tenant shall not permit any business to be operated in or from the
Premises by any concessionaire or licensee without the prior written consent of Landlord, which consent Landlord may
withhold in its sole discretion. In the event Tenant shall request Landlord's consent to an assignment of this Lease or
subletting of the Premises, Tenant shall pay Landlord, as a condition to obtaining Landlord’s consent the reasonable costs
and expenses incurred by Landlord to review and/or prepare documents in connection with such assignment or sublease
(including Landlord's reasonable attorneys' fees) and, in addition, a consent fee of One Thousand and 00/100 Dollars
($1,000.00) per request, regardless of whether such assignment or sublease is consummated by Tenant. No consent by
Landlord shall operate to relieve Tenant and/or Guarantor, if any, from primary liability for the performance of Tenant's
obligations under this Lease.

Any sale, assignment, bequest, inheritance, transfer or other disposition of shares of Tenant's corporate stock which shall
result in a change in the effective voting control of Tenant by the person or persons owning a majority of said corporate
shares on the date of this Lease shall be deemed an assignment of this Lease requiring Landlord's prior written consent.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provision, if Tenant is a corporation, (i) a transfer of stock among the current stockholders of
Tenant as of the date of this Lease, or (ii) a transfer of stock among the current stockholders of Tenant and their immediate
families (i.e. Spouse, parent, brother, sister, children, grandchildren), or (iii) any spouse of any such parent, brother, sister,
children or grandchildren, or (iv) a transfer of stock by Will, devise or gift, or (v) a transfer of stock in connection with a
public offering registered with the Securities Exchange Commission provided management remains substantially the same,
shall not constitute an assignment for purposes of this Lease.

EMINENT DOMAIN

In the event the Shopping Center or any part thereof shall be taken or condemned either permanently or temporarily for any
public or quasi-public use or purpose by any authority in appropriate proceedings or by any right of eminent domain, the
entire compensation award thereof, including, but not limited to, all damages as compensation for diminution in value of the
leasehold, reversion and fee, shall belong to Landlord, without any deduction therefrom for any present or future estate of
Tenant, and Tenant hereby assigns to Landlord all its right, title, and interest to any such award. Tenant shall have the right
to recover from the condemning authority, but not from Landlord, such compensation as may be separately awarded to
Tenant.

In the event of a taking under the power of eminent domain of (i) more than twenty-five percent (25%) of the Premises or
(ii) a sufficient portion of the Shopping Center so that after such taking less than fifty percent (50%) of the leasable floor
area within all buildings located on the Shopping Center (as constituted prior to such taking) are occupied by tenants, either
Landlord or Tenant shall have the right to terminate this Lease by notice in writing given within ninety (90) days after the
condemning authority takes possession, in which event all rents and other charges shall be prorated as of the date of such
termination.

In the event of a taking of any portion of the Premises not resulting in a termination of this Lease, Landlord shall use so
much of the proceeds of Landlord's award for the Premises as is required therefor to restore the Premises to a complete
architectural unit and this Lease shall continue in effect with respect to the balance of the Premises, with a reduction of
Minimum Rent in proportion to the portion of the Premises taken.

20
XVI DEFAULT BY TENANT

If Tenant defaults in the payment of Minimum Rent, Percentage Rent or other charges and such payment is not made within
ten (10) days following Landlord’s written notice that same is due, or if Tenant shall default in the performance of any other
of Tenant's obligations hereunder and Tenant fails to remedy such default within twenty (30) days after written notice from
Landlord, provided that in no event shall Landlord be obligated to provide Tenant with written notice of any non-monetary
default, more than three times per calendar year, or if a receiver of any property of Tenant on the Premises is appointed, or
Tenant's interest in the Premises is levied upon by legal process, or Tenant be adjudged bankrupt and Tenant fails within
thirty (30) days to cause the vacation of such appointment, levy or adjudication, or if Tenant files a voluntary petition in
bankruptcy, disposes of all or substantially all of its assets in bulk, or makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors,
then and in any such instance, without further notice to Tenant, Landlord shall have the right to exercise any and all rights
or remedies available to Landlord at law, in equity or otherwise, arising from such default, including but not limited to the
right to (i) terminate this Lease, or (ii) enter upon the Premises without terminating this Lease and relet the Premises in
Landlord's name for the account of Tenant for the remainder of the term upon terms and conditions reasonably acceptable to
Landlord and immediately recover from Tenant any deficiency for the balance of the term, plus expenses of reletting. In
addition to the foregoing, any time after such default and the lapse of any applicable notice period, to make such payments
in default or perform such act in default for the account and at the expense of Tenant, and all unpaid Minimum Rent,
Percentage Rent or other charges which are not paid when due and all sums paid by Landlord pursuant to this sentence,
including reasonable attorneys’ fees, shall accrue interest at the annual rate of (i) fifteen percent (15%), or (ii) five percent
(5%) above the prime lending rate of National City Bank of Cleveland, Ohio, whichever is greater, which shall constitute
additional rent under this Lease and shall be payable upon demand. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Landlord shall have no
duty to mitigate the damages suffered by Landlord rising from the default by Tenant of any of its obligations under this
Lease. If Tenant shall issue a check to Landlord which is dishonored by Tenant's depository bank and returned unpaid for
any reason, including without limitation, due to insufficient funds in Tenant's checking account, Tenant shall pay to
Landlord in addition to any other rights or remedies available to Landlord at law, the sum of Seventy-five, and 00/100
Dollars ($75.00) for Landlord's administrative expense in connection therewith.

Tenant’s failure to pay Rent, Additional Rent, or any other Lease costs when due under this Lease may cause Landlord to
incur unanticipated costs. The exact amount of such costs are impractical or extremely difficult to ascertain. Such costs
may include, but are not limited to, processing and accounting charges and late charges that may be imposed on Landlord by
any ground Jease, mortgage, or deed of trust encumbering the Shopping Center. Therefore, if Landlord does not receive the
Rent, Additional Rent, or any other Lease costs in full on or before the tenth (10th) day of the month it becomes due, Tenant
shall pay Landlord a late charge, which shall constitute liquidated damages, equal to One Hundred Fifty Dollars ($150.00) a
day for each month rent is late after the first of the month (“Late Charge”), which shall be paid to Landlord together with
such Rent, Additional Rent, or other Lease costs then in arrears. The parties agree that such Late Charge represents a fair
and reasonable estimate of the cost Landlord will incur by reason of such late payment. All Late Charges and any returned
check charges shall then become Additional Rent and shall be due and payable immediately along with such other Rent,
Additional Rent, or other Lease costs then in arrears. Money paid by Tenant to Landlord shall be applied to Tenant’s
account in the following order: (i) to any unpaid Additional Rent, including, without limitation, Late Charges, returned
check charges, legal fees and/or court costs legally chargeable to Tenant, and Common Area Maintenance Charges, and then
(ii) to unpaid Minimum Rent. Nothing herein contained shall be construed so as to compel Landlord to accept any payment
of Rent, Additional Rent, or other Lease costs in arrears or Late Charge or returned check charge should Landlord elect to
apply its rights and remedies available under this Lease or at law or equity in the event of default hereunder by Tenant.
Landlord’s acceptance of Rent, Additional Rent, or other Lease costs in arrears or Late Charge or returned check charge
pursuant to this clause shall not constitute a waiver of Landlord’s rights and remedies available under this Lease or at Jaw or

equity.
XVH. NOTICES

Any notice or consent required to be given by or on behalf of either party to the other shall be given in writing and mailed
by certified mail or by overnight courier service which provides a receipt. at the addresses stated on Article 1(A), Sections
18 and 19, of this Lease, or at such other address as may be specified. from time to time, by notice in the manner herein set
forth. Notices shall be deemed given upon actual receipt or first rejection.

XVIIL SECURITY DEPOSIT

None.

21
XIX. MORTGAGE SUBORDINATION

This Lease, and Tenant's rights hereunder shall be subject and subordinate to the lien of any mortgages or deeds of trust or
other similar instrument that may now exist or may hereafter be placed upon the Shopping Center and all renewals,
replacements, and extensions thereof without further notice or action on the part of Landlord or Tenant. Tenant agrees that,
upon the request of Landlord, it shall execute and deliver such instruments (including but not limited to a Memorandum of
Lease and/or a Subordination, Non-Disturbance and Attornment Agreement in recordable form) which may be required by
Landlord's mortgagee or trustee to evidence such subordination, on the condition that the instruments creating such
mortgages contain a provision recognizing the existence of this Lease and agreeing that this Lease shall not be terminated or
otherwise affected in the event of a foreclosure, sale or default under such mortgage, so long as Tenant is not in default
under the Lease beyond any applicable notice and cure period.

XX. ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATES

At any time and from time to time, Tenant agrees, upon request in writing from Landlord, to execute and deliver to
Landlord, for the benefit of such persons as Landlord names in such request, a statement in writing and in substance
satisfactory to Landlord certifying to such of the following information as Landlord shall request: (i) that this Lease
constitutes the entire agreement between Landlord and Tenant and is unmodified and in full force and effect (or if there have
been modifications, that the same is in full force and effect as modified and stating the modifications); (ii) the dates to which
the Minimum Rent, Percentage Rent, and other charges hereunder have been paid, and the amount of any security deposited
with Landlord; (iii) that the Premises have been completed on or before the date of such letter and that all conditions
precedent to the Lease taking effect have been carried out; (iv) that Tenant has accepted possession, that the Lease term has
commenced, that Tenant is occupying the Premises, that Tenant knows of no default under the Lease by Landlord and that
there are no defaults or offsets which Tenant has against enforcement of this Lease by Landlord; (v) the actual
commencement date of the Lease and the expiration date of the Lease; and (vi) that Tenant's store is open for business,
provided such facts are true and ascertainable.

XXI. QUIET ENJOYMENT.

Landlord hereby covenants and agrees that if Tenant shall perform all the covenants and agreements herein stipulated to be
performed on Tenant's part, Tenant shall at all times during the continuance hereof have the peaceable and quiet enjoyment
and possession of the Premises without any hindrance from Landlord or any person or persons lawfully claiming the
Premises.

XXII LIABILITY OF LANDLORD

Notwithstanding anything 1o the contrary provided in this Lease, it is specifically understood and agreed, such agreement
being a primary consideration for the execution of this Lease by Landlord, that if Landlord shall fail to perform any
covenant, term or condition of this Lease upon Landlord's part to be performed and, as a consequence of such default,
Tenant shall recover a money judgment against Landlord, such judgment shall be satisfied only out of the proceeds of sale
received upon execution of such judgment and levy thereon against the right, title, and interest of Landlord in the Shopping
Center, as the same may then be encumbered, and neither Landlord nor any of its officers or shareholders shail be liable for
any deficiency. It is understood that in no event shall Tenant have any right to levy execution against any property of
Landlord other than its interest in the Shopping Center as hereinbefore expressly provided. In the event of the sale or other
transfer of Landlord's right, title and interest in the Premises or the Shopping Center, Landlord shall be released from all
liability and obligations under this Lease.

XXIN. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

A. Accord and Satisfaction. No payment by Tenant, or anyone occupying the Premises by, through or under Tenant, or
receipt by Landlord of a lesser amount than the rents stated herein shall be deemed to be other than on behalf of Tenant
and on account of the next due rent, nor shall any endorsement or statement on any check or any letter accompanying
any check or payment as rent be deemed an accord and satisfaction, and Landlord may accept such check or payment
without prejudice to Landlord's right to recover the balance of such rent or pursue any other remedy provided for in
this Lease or available at law or in equity.

B. Waiver. No waiver of any condition or legal right or remedy shall be implied by the failure of Landlord to declare a
forfeiture, or for any other reason, and no waiver of any condition or covenant shall be valid unless it be in writing
signed by Landlord or Tenant (as the case may be). No waiver by Landlord with respect to one or more tenants or

22
occupants of the Shopping Center shall constitute a waiver in favor of any other tenant, nor shal] the waiver of a breach
of any condition be claimed or pleaded to excuse a future breach of the same condition or covenant.

Broker's Commission. Landlord and Tenant warrant that, except for any amounts payable by Landlord to its agent,
there are no claims for broker's commissions or finder's fees in connection with its execution of this Lease, and each
party agrees to indemnify and save Landlord harmless from any liability that may arise from such claims, including
reasonable attorney's fees.

No Partnership. Landlord does not, in any way or for any purpose, become a partner of Tenant in the conduct of its
business, or otherwise, or a joint venturer or a member of a joint enterprise with Tenant.

Lease Inures to the Benefit of Assignees. This Lease and all of the covenants, provisions, and conditions herein
contained shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the heirs, personal representatives, successors and assigns
respectively, of the parties hereto, provided, however, that no assignment by, from, through, or under Tenant in
violation of the provisions hereof shall vest in the assigns any right, title, or interest whatsoever.

Entire Agreement. This Lease and the exhibits attached hereto set forth the entire agreement between Landlord and
Tenant, and all prior promises and agreements, oral or written, between them are merged into this Lease. No
amendment to this Lease shall be binding upon Landlord or Tenant unless in writing.

Abandonment, Surrender and Holding Over. Tenant shall deliver up and surrender to Landlord possession of the
Premises upon the expiration of the Lease Term, or its prior termination for any reason, in as good condition and repair
as the same shall be at the commencement of said term (damage by fire and other perils covered by standard fire and
extended coverage insurance and ordinary wear and decay only excepted). If Tenant remains in possession of the
Premises after any termination of this Lease, Tenant shall be bound by the terms and provisions of this Lease except
that no tenancy or interest in the Premises shall result, but such holding over shall be an unlawful detainer and all such
parties shail be subject to immediate eviction, and Tenant shall upon demand pay to Landlord, as liquidated damages, a
sum equal to two hundred percent (200%) of the Minimum Rent payable during the calendar month immediately
preceding the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease for any period during which Tenant shall hold the Premises
after the stipulated term of this Lease shall expire or may have terminated. If Tenant vacates the Premises prior to the
scheduled expiration of the Lease Term, Tenant shall be in default of this Lease, and if Tenant has not re-entered the
Premises and resumed the operation of the business set forth in Article IX, Section B, of this Lease for a period of
thirty (30) consecutive days, Tenant shall be deemed to have abandoned the Premises, and Landlord shall have the
right, but not the obligation, to take sole possession of the Premises on or after the tenth (10th) day following the
expiration of said thirty (30) day period and Landlord may relet said Premises in accordance with the terms in Article
XVI hereof.

No Option. The submission of this Lease by Landlord for review by Tenant does not constitute a reservation of or
option for the Premises, and shall vest no right in Tenant. This Lease becomes effective as a Lease only upon
execution and delivery thereof by the parties hereto.

Additional Rent. Any amounts to be paid by Tenant to Landlord pursuant to the provisions of this Lease, whether
such payments are periodic or recurring, shall be deemed to be "Additional Rent" and otherwise subject to all
provisions of this Lease and of law as to the default in the payment of rent.

Intentionally deleted.

Financial Statements. Tenant shall, within ten (10) days after receipt of a written request from Landlord, furnish to
Landlord Tenant's current financial statement and such other financial information as Landlord may reasonably request.
Tenant shall not be required to furnish any financial statement or other information that is not regularly maintained by
Tenant in the ordinary course of business. Landlord covenants that the financial information provided by Tenant shail
be treated as confidential, except that Landlord may disclose such information to any prospective purchaser,
prospective or existing lender or prospective or existing ground or underlying lessor upon the condition that the
prospective purchaser, prospective or existing lender or underlying lessor shall also covenant to treat such information
as confidential.

Severability. In the event that any provision or section of this Lease is rendered invalid by the decision of any court
or by the enactment of any law, ordinance or regulation, such provision of this Lease shall be deemed to have never
been included therein, and the balance of this Lease shal] continue in effect in accordance with its terms.

23
M. Option to Renew. Provided Tenant is not in default under any of the terms and provisions herein contained at the
time of exercise, Landlord hereby grants to Tenant the option to renew this Lease for the periods set forth in Article I,
Section 17, commencing on the day following the expiration of the original term. Any such Renewal Term shali be
upen all the terms and conditions as the original Lease Term except that the Minimum Rent and the Percentage Rent
shall be increased in accordance with the terms of Article I, Section 17. It shall be a condition to Tenant's right to
renew this Lease pursuant to this Section (M) that Tenant provide Landlord (i) Tenant's current financial statement
within thirty (30) days following the date Tenant shall exercise the foregoing option to renew this Lease.

The foregoing option to renew shall be exercised by written notice to Landlord given not less than the number of
months set forth in Article I, Section 17, above prior to the expiration of the original term of this Lease, or any renewal
thereof.

N. Net Rent. It is the intention of Landlord and Tenant that the rent herein specified shall be net to Landlord in each year
of the term hereof, and that all costs, expenses and obligations relating to the Premises (except as herein specifically
provided) shall be paid by Tenant.

O. Counterparts. This Lease may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all
of which shall constitute one document.

P. Consents. With respect to any provision of this Lease which provides or infers, in effect, that Landlord shal] not
unreasonably withhold or unreasonably delay its consent or approval, Tenant, in no event, shall be entitled to make,
nor shall Tenant make, any claim against Landlord for money damages, and Tenant hereby waives any claim or
assertion by Tenant that Landlord has unreasonably withheld or unreasonably delayed any consent or approval, but
Tenant's sole remedy shall be an action or proceeding to enforce any such provision of this Lease, or for specific
performance, injunction or declaratory judgment.

Q. Force Majeure. In the event Landlord or Tenant is prevented or delayed in the performance of any improvement or
repair or fulfilling any other obligation required under this Lease due to delays caused by fire, catastrophe, strikes or
labor trouble, civil commotion, acts of God, governmental prohibitions or regulation, inability or difficulty to obtain
materials or other causes beyond the performing party's reasonable control, the performing party shall, within five (5)
days of the event causing such delay, provide written notice to the other party of the event causing the delay and the
anticipated period of delay, and the period of such delay shall be added to the time for performance thereof. The
performing party shail have no liability by reason of such permitted delays. In the event the performing party fails to
provide notice to the other party of the force majeure delay within such five (5) day period, the performing party shall
not be excused from the timely performance of such obligation regardless of the cause.

R. Joint and Several Liability. In the event Tenant shall be comprised of more than one (1) individual or business entity,
each such individual or business entity comprising Tenant shall be jointly and severally liable for each and every
obligation of Tenant under the terms of this Lease.

Intentionally deleted.

JT. Payment Under Protest. All rent and other amounts payable hereunder shall be payable without demand, offset or
deduction, except as otherwise expressly provided herein. If at any time a dispute shall arise as to any amount or sum
of money to be paid by Tenant to Landlord under the provisions hereof, Tenant shall make such payment "under
protest” and under no circumstances shall Tenant be entitled to withhold any payment due hereunder. If Tenant makes
a payment “under protest” and it is subsequently determined that Tenant was not obligated to pay all or a portion of an
amount paid "under protest," Landlord shall refund to Tenant the portion of the payment made “under protest" which
Tenant was not obligated to pay.

U. Waiver of Trial By Jury. To the extent permitted by applicable law Landlord and Tenant waive all right to trial by jury
in any claims, action, proceeding or counterclaim by either Landlord or Tenant against each other or any matter arising
out of or in any way connected with this Lease, the relationship of Landlord and Tenant or Tenant’s use or occupancy
of the Premises.

V. Labor Disputes. Tenant shall take no action which would violate Landlord's union contracts, if any, affecting the
Shopping Center nor create any work stoppage. picketing, labor disruption or dispute or any interference with the
business of the Landlord or any tenant or occupant in the Shopping Center or with the rights and privileges of any

24
customer or other person lawfully in and upon said Shopping Center, nor cause the impairment or reduction of the
goodwill of the Shopping Center.

Hazardous Materials. Tenant shall not permit or cause the presence of Hazardous Materials in, on or under the
Premises or any other portion of the Shopping Center. Tenant shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold Landlord
harmless from and against any and all claims, causes of action, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses, including,
without limitation, attorney fees, arising because of any alleged personal injury, property damage, death, nuisance, loss
of business or otherwise, by Landlord, any employee of Landlord, or from and against any governmental act or
enforcement, arising from or in any way connected with conditions existing or claimed to exist with respect to
Hazardous Materials (as hereinafter defined) within the Shopping Center which are the result of Tenant's use,
occupancy or operation of the Premises. As used herein the term "Hazardous Materials" shall be defined as any
hazardous substance, contaminant, pollutant or hazardous release (as such terms are defined in any federal, state or
local law, rule, regulation or ordinance, including without, limitation, the Comprehensive Environmental Response,
Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended) and other said wastes. In the event Tenant shall cause or permit
the presence of Hazardous Materials in, on or under the Premises or any other portion of the Shopping Center, Tenant
shall promptly, at Tenant's sole cost and expense, take any and all action necessary (as required by appropriate
government authority or otherwise) to return the areas affected thereby to the condition existing prior to the presence of
any such Hazardous Materials thereon, subject to Landlord’s prior written consent. The foregoing covenants shall
survive termination of this Lease.

Tenant Outside Seating Area. Landlord agrees that provided Tenant is not in default of any terms or conditions of
this Lease, Tenant shal! have the right, at Tenant's sole cost and expense, to locate a seating area consisting of no more
than eight (8) seats and four (4) tables ("Tenant's Outside Seating Area") on the sidewalk directly in front of Tenant's
Premises, provided Tenant's insurance required under Article XII(B) of this Lease includes Tenant's Outside Seating
Area and the indemnification by Tenant required under Article XII includes Tenant’s Outside Seating Area. In the
event Landlord receives written notification from a governmental authority that Tenant’s Outside Seating Area violates
any governmental code or ordinance or from Marshall’s indicating that the same conflicts with the restrictions
contained in the Marshall's Lease, Tenant shall. upon notice from Landlord, immediately terminate its use of Tenant’s
Outside Seating Area and remove Tenant’s Outside Seating Area and any other items placed outside the Premises for
use in Tenant's Outside Seating Area at Tenant's sole cost and expense. Tenant agrees that Tenant's Outside Seating
Area shall not unreasonably obstruct pedestrian traffic and shall provide a reasonable amount of unobstructed sidewalk
area for pedestrians to utilize. Landlord and Tenant acknowledge that the sidewalk upon which Tenant's Outside
Seating Area will be located is considered "Common Area” which all tenants in the Shopping Center are permitted to
utilize. Thus, in the event that Marshall's (or its successors, assigns or replacements) objects to Tenant's use of the
Common Area in this manner, Tenant shall, within two (2) days after receipt of written notice from Landlord, terminate
its use of Tenant's Outside Seating Area and remove Tenant's Outside Seating Area and any other items placed outside
the Premises for use in Tenant's Outside Seating Area at Tenant's sole cost and expense. In the event that Tenant fails
to remove its Outside Seating Area within the two (2) day time period, or fails to comply with any other provision
provided herein, Landlord shall have the right to remove all items from Tenant's Outside Seating Area and store said
items, all at Tenant's cost and expense. In the event Landlord removes Tenant's Outside Seating Area, Tenant shall
reimburse Landlord upon demand for any costs incurred in the removal or storage of any items in Tenant's Outside
Seating Area and said reimbursement shall be deemed additional rent under this Lease. In any event, Tenant shall keep
Tenant's Outside Seating Area free and clear of all trash, refuse and debris at all times.

Drive Thru Facility. Landlord agrees that Tenant may construct, at Tenant’s sole cost and expense, but without any
increase in Minimum Rent or Additional Rent, drive-thru facilities serving the Premises (the “Drive Thru Facilities”).
Landjord and Tenant agree that the construction of the Drive-Thru Facilities shall be subject to (i) compliance with all
applicable laws, ordinances and codes, and receipt of all necessary governmental approvals; (ii) receipt of all Landlord
approvals required to be obtained hereunder in connection with new construction at the Premises; and (iii) if requested
by Landlord, a separate written addendum to this Lease; provided, however, Landlord shall not otherwise object, and
hereby consents to the construction and erection of the Drive-Thru Facilities and agrees not to unreasonably delay,
withhold or condition its own required approvals relating thereto. Landlord shall support and cooperate with Tenant in
Tenant’s efforts to obtain any necessary governmental approvals with respect to the Drive-Thru Facilities, as
reasonably requested by Tenant.

25
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Landlord and Tenant have caused this Lease to be signed, in triplicate, as of the date and

year first above written.

WITNESSES AS TO LANDLORD:

(Print Name)

“ui. Tans

(Print Name)

WITNESSES AS ‘on
Robeatacl—

“Kobect Toetin

Jame)

LANDLORD:
BG DEL-ARROW, LLC
a New York limited liability company

rent,
By JDN QRS Inc. ra \
Its/Mafiaging Mem!

mee J f™ |

. Hurwitz, Senior Executive Vice President
i

|
|

TENANT:
Bagel Jay NB, LLC

By: -
Jay/Gers]
f

26
STATE OF OHIO )
ss
COUNTY OF CUYAHOGA _ )

BEFORE ME, a Notary Public, in and for said County and State, personally appeared Daniel B. Hurwitz, Senior
Executive Vice President of JDN QRS Inc., Managing Member of BG Del-Arrow, LLC, the limited liability company which
executed the foregoing instrument, who acknowledged that he did execute the foregoing instrument on behalf of said limited
liability company and the same is his free and voluntary act and deed as Senior Executive Vice President and is the free act and
deed of said limited liability company for the uses and purposes therein set forth.

ta
IN WITNESS EREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and official seal at Beachwood, Ohio, this “3 day of

, 2005.
nem
Notary Public
PAULA JONES
Notary Public - State of Ohio
My commission expires Jan. 11, 2009
:
STATE OF NEW YORK
JSS:

COUNTY OF ERIE )

Personally appeared before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public, in and for said County and State, Jay Gershberg,
known to me to be the Manager of Bagel Jay NB, LLC, the limited liability company which executed the foregoing instrument,
who acknowledged that he did sign and seal the foregoing instrument for and on behalf of said limited liability company, and that
the same is his free act and deed and the free act and deed of said limited liability company.

IN "Yo WHE. F, I have hereunto set my hand and official seal at Eabgto >

this day of - J hag , 2005.
CC
a
Notary Public

ROBERT J. PORTIN
Notary Public, State of New York
_ "Qualified in Ene County
My Commission Expires 2/22/202%

27
SCHEDULE A

Rent Schedule

$PSF _$ Monthly $Annum % Breakpoint $ Minimum Basis of Sales
$12.00 $6,225.00 $74,700.00 2% $3,735,000.00
$12.50 $6,484.38 $77,812.50 2% $3,890,625.00
$13.75 $7,132.81 $85,593.75 2% $4,279,687.50
$15.81 $8,201.44 $98,417.25 2% $4,920,862.50

28
OA MAN ‘ojeyng fF
VZV1d STIVHSYVW @

JNNIAY FYVMVG oe

TWAT FATA /
, | QO. a | | 0
|
( —v—~_—S oO S\N = = AAS > |
} 2 5
a oe 2
STIVHSUWW —
6 1
r a
eee ee ee ee EE <=
my

aaWwiv sia
Marshall’s Plaza
Buffalo, New York

ALL THAT TRACT OR PARCEL OF LAND, situate in the City of Buffalo, County of Erie and :
State of New York, being part of Lot No. 83, Township 11, Range 8 of the Holland Land
Company’s Survey, described as follows:

BEGINNING at a point in the northwest corner of Delaware Avenue (as an eighty-six
(86) foot street) and Great Arrow Avenue (width varies, original 66 foot street), said point being
the northeast comer of lands conveyed to the City of Buffalo in Liber 4440, Page 435;

Running thence westerly along the northerly line of said Great Arrow Avenue and. said
Liber 4440 of Deeds, Page 435, 245.00 feet to the westerly corner of said Liber 4440, page 435;

_ Running thence westerly along the northerly line of Great Arrow Avenue (asa 66’ wide
street), 102.10 feet to a point;

Running thence northerly and parallel with the westerly line of Delaware Avenue 568.67
feet more or less to the northeast comer of land conveyed to the Erie County Industrial
Development Agency (ECIDA) by Deed recorded November 30, 1999 in Liber 10960 of Deeds,
page 3333;

Running thence westerly along the north line of said property of the ECIDA 29.18 feet to
a point;

Running thence northerly along the extension northerly of the east line of lands conveyed
to Rand-Del, Inc. by deed recorded in the Erie County Clerk’s Office in Liber 6686 of Deeds at
page 183 and parallel with the west line of Delaware Avenue 109.30 feet to the northeast corner

-of lands conveyed to Stelco, Inc. by deed recorded ii in the Erie County Clerk’s Office in Liber
6713 of Deeds at page 123;

Running therice easterly along the south line of the New York Central Belt Line (so-
called) 374.33 feet to the westerly line of Delaware Avenue (as an 86 foot wide street);

Running thence southerly along said westerly line of Delaware Avenue 641.02 feet to the
point or place of beginning.

TOGETHER WITH an easement for parking described in an Agreement dated January
20, 1965 and recorded in the Erie County Clerk’s Office in Liber 7078 of Deeds at Page 615.

EXHIBIT B |

JALEGALASAKIDDRMI00S doe
EXHIBIT C
(As-Is)
Space - 001
Tenant's Trade Name: Bagel Jay's
NY-Buffalo-Marshall's Plaza
3-21-05 WD

This Exhibit shall set forth the division of responsibility for work, materials and any other
applicable costs and fees between the Landlord and the Tenant. Items designated under the
heading "Work by Landlord" shall be performed by the Landlord, at Landlord's expense,
according to all applicable codes, and the Landlord shall acquire all permits and inspections
related to this work. These items shall constitute the entire scope of Landlord work, and any and
all other work, whether included in this list or not, required to complete the Tenant's premises
per Tenant's requirements, Landlord's criteria or code requirements shall be by the Tenant at
the Tenant's sole expense.

I. WORK BY LANDLORD

The Premises is being delivered to the Tenant in an "as-is" condition. The Landlord shall not be
required to perform any work on the Premises.

Notwithstanding Section 6C of the Lease, the Landlord shall not be required to deliver outline
plans and specifications to the Tenant, however, the landlord will do so if requested and if such
plans and specifications are available.

II. WORK BY TENANT
A. General Requirements

1. Tenant shall deliver to Landlord, plans and specifications (including proposed
storefront signage) for Tenant's work within the Premises. Such plans and
specifications shall include proper safety measures which insure that Hazardous
Materials (as defined in the Lease) are not released in, on or under the Premises or
any part of the Shopping Center during the Initial Construction of the Premises
and during the term of this Lease. Tenant shall submit Tenant’s plans and
specifications within fifteen (15) days from date of execution of this Lease Tenant
shall submit three (3) sets of plans and specifications to the Landlord for review.

2. Tenant shall obtain written approval, from the Landlord, of all materials,
equipment, fixtures, furnishings, etc., which become a permanent part of the
structure. All work shall conform to all design criteria and construction guidelines
established by the Landlord.

Tenant shall be responsible for obtaining all required construction document
reviews with all governmental authorities in order to obtain all required permits,
inspections, occupancy permits, operating licenses, etc., pertaining to the Tenant’s
work and nature of Tenant’s business.

Insurance

a. Tenant shall require its Contractor to provide and maintain the following
insurance coverages:

1)

2)

3)

4)

For all of its employees, Worker's Compensation insurance in the
minimum amounts required by the State in which the Premises is
located and to comply in all respects with the employment and
payment of labor insurance required by any constituted authority
having legal jurisdiction over the area in which the work is
performed.

Comprehensive General Liability insurance including Contractual
and Contractor's Protective Liability coverage in the minimum
amount of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) single limit for bodily
injury and/or wrongful death and a minimum of One Million
Dollars ($1,000,000) single limit for property damage. This
coverage shall include the hazards of explosion, collapse and
underground damage, as well as contractual endorsements.
Comprehensive Automobile Liability insurance, including hired
and non-owned automobile coverage, with a minimum of One
Million Dollars ($1,000,000) single limit for bodily injury and/or
wrongful death and a minimum of One Million Dollars
($1,000,000) single limit for property damage.

To the extent the cost of Tenant's Work shall exceed Twenty-five
Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($25,000.00), Tenant's contractor
shall furnish and maintain performance and payment bonds in an
amount equal to one hundred twenty-five percent (125%) of the
construction contract price and all additions thereto, and all
obligations arising in connection therewith. The performance and
payment bonds shall name Landlord as obligees and will be in such
a form and with such sureties as are reasonably satisfactory to
Landlord.

b. The Landlord shall be named an additional insured party on all insurance
policies required hereunder and certificates of insurance evidencing
complying with this paragraph shall be provided to Landlord prior to
commencement of any work in the Premises. Certificates of insurance
must contain an endorsement to the effect that Landlord shall be given at
least thirty (30) days prior written notice in the event of cancellation or
material change in such insurance coverage represented by the Insurance
Certificate.

c. It shall be the sole and exclusive responsibility of the Tenant to require its
Contractor to carry its own Builder's Risk insurance covering materials
and/or work performed and/or stored on or about the Premises. Tenant
shall be responsible for any deductible amount payable under Landlord's
casualty insurance policy in the event a claim is paid under Landlord's
policy, which is attributable to Tenant's Work.

d. All policies of insurance maintained by Tenant's Contractor shall be
written by insurance companies qualified to do business and write
coverage in the state where the Shopping Center is located having a
minimum Best rating of A-/X.

e. To the extent the cost of Tenant's Work shall exceed Twenty-five
Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($25,000.00), Tenant's contractor shall
furnish and maintain performance and payment bonds in an amount equal
to one hundred twenty-five percent (125%) of the construction contract
price and all additions thereto, and all obligations arising in connection
therewith. The performance and payment bonds shall name Landlord as
obligees and will be in such a form and with such sureties as are
reasonably satisfactory to Landlord.

Landlord shall have the right to disapprove all contractors employed by the Tenant
including, but not limited to, the roofing and sprinkler subcontractors.

Tenant shall not begin Tenant’s work until all required approvals have been
granted by the Landlord.

All work undertaken by the Tenant shall be at Tenant’s sole liability and expense.

Tenant’s work shall not damage or compromise the structural integrity of the
building. All work shall be done in a first-class workmanlike manner in
accordance with all applicable building codes, laws, regulations and ordinances.
The Tenant shall be held liable for any damage caused by the Tenant and/or
Tenant’s employees, vendors, and contractors.

All work undertaken by the Tenant shall be coordinated with and completed so as
not to interfere with the Landlord’s construction schedule or any other tenant’s
activities. All contractors employed by the Tenant shall allow other contractors to
work on the Premises without interference.
10.

11.

12.

13.

14,

15,

16.

Tenant shall be responsible for the cost and receipt of all deliveries and unloading
of all materials pertaining to Tenant’s work. All deliveries shall be made through
the service door (where provided). Storage of equipment and materials shall be
confined to the leased Premises.

Prior to commencing Tenant’s Work in the Premises, Tenant shall have:

a. Delivered to Landlord, Tenant’s Contractor’s insurance certificate(s)
evidencing the insurance coverages as required hereunder.

b. Delivered plans for Tenant’s Work to Landlord and obtained Landlord’s
written approval of such plans.

c. Transferred utility services for the Premises from the Landlord’s account
to the Tenant’s account.

d. Deposited with Landlord and required security deposits required under the
Lease.

e. Filed with Landlord a copy of the building permit (if applicable) for
Tenant’s Work.

During the period of Tenant’s work, Tenant shall provide and pay for
connections, metering and consumption of all temporary utilities brought to such a
point as determined by the Landlord.

Tenant shall keep the Premises and Shopping Center common areas free from
accumulations of debris caused by Tenant’s employees, vendors and contractors.
Tenant shall arrange for services to be provided for the removal of debris during
the period of Tenant’s work.

Tenant shall clean HVAC filters clogged by dust or other debris resulting from
Tenant’s construction in premises.

Tenant shall not cause or permit any Hazardous Materials (as defined in the
Lease) to be released, spilled or otherwise permeated in, on or under the Premises
or any portion of the Shopping Center while performing Tenant’s Work.

Tenant shall provide to the Landlord a copy of the Certificate of Occupancy (or
local equivalent) issued for the Premises within seven (7) days of opening for
business in the Premises from Tenant’s work.

Exterior Work

Tenant shall not perform any work, which would in any way alter or modify the
appearance or structural integrity of the building without prior written approval from the
Landlord.

Interior Work
Tenant shall provide all necessary work according to Tenant’s business and local code
requirements. This work shall include but not necessarily be limited to the following:

1.

2.

All interior partition walls, doors, etc.

Interior wall finishes including priming, painting, wall coverings, etc.

Floor coverings and wall base.

Plumbing

a. All necessary plumbing work, other than that provided by the Landlord as
previously referred to.

b. Tenant shall apply to the local utility company for water/sewer service and
shall pay all tap, connection and impact fees attributable to | Tenant’s
design and nature of Tenant’s business.

c. Tenant shall pay for meter set and all related fees if individual metering is
required by the Developer-Landlord. Meter or remote read-out device
shall be installed in a location easily accessible for reading.

Electrical

a. All electrical work, other than that provided by the Landlord as previously
referred to.

b. At Tenant’s option, Tenant may provide burglar alarm system, emergency
generator, Muzak system, etc. as approved by the Landlord.

c. Tenant shall apply to the local utility company for metering and/or service

and shall pay all related fees.

Heating, Ventilating and Air Conditioning

a.

Installation of additional, or relocation of Landlord provided, rooftop
HVAC units, supply air diffusers and return air grilles as approved by the
Landlord.

If applicable, Tenant shall apply to the local utility company for gas
service and/or metering and shall pay all related fees. Meter or remote
read-out device shall be installed in a location easily accessible for
reading.

Restaurants, food service, pet shop, hair/nail salons, barber shops,
laundromats and any other uses which, in the sole opinion of the Landlord,
produce odors, shall provide and exhaust system which will prevent such
odors from entering the other tenant's spaces, enclosed Common Areas or
any other portions of the Shopping Center. In the event Tenant's use
requires an exhaust system, Tenant shall, unless otherwise approved in
writing by Landlord, provide tempered make-up outside air up to ninety
percent (90%) of all such exhaust. Clothes dryers shall be vented using
rigid metal duct routed to an approved container or otherwise as required
by Landlord.

Fire Protection

a. Any deviation from, or modification to, the regular standard grid layout of
sprinkler heads within the leased Premises due to Tenant’s design or
nature of Tenant’s business. The location, type and number of sprinkler
heads shall be based upon local codes and the Landlord’s insurance
underwriter requirements. All modifications to the standard grid layout
must be performed by the project sprinkler contractor at Tenant’s expense.

b. Any fire alarm system and monitoring thereof as may be required by
governing codes and authorities. Tenant’s system and system components
shall match and be compatible with Landlord’s systems and requirements.

c. Any special sprinkler heads, extinguisher systems, flame retardants,
smoke/heat detectors, etc. as required by all applicable building codes,
laws, regulations and ordinances due to Tenant’s design or nature of
Tenant’s business.

d. Two (2) 5 lb. ABC fire extinguishers properly maintained on a continued
basis.

Miscellaneous

a. All trade fixtures, shelving, furnishings, signage, merchandise, etc.

b. Toilet room accessories such as paper holders, soap dispenser, mirrors,
shelves, etc.

c. All curbs, lintels, flashings, pipes, ducts, vents, exhaust hoods, louvers,

etc. necessary for Tenant’s equipment requiring openings through roof
and/or exterior walls. All cutting, patching and flashing of the roof system
must be performed by the Landlord’s roofing contractor at Tenant’s

expense.
d. All required safety, emergency and handicap aid equipment within the
leased Premises as required by Local, State and Federal authorities.
e. Tenant shall insulate, to the extent required by the nature of Tenant’s

business, the demising walls and ceiling so as not to permit sound, odors,
etc., to emanate outside the leased Premises.

- END -
EXHIBIT “D”

Sign Criteria

The criteria outlined herein is to be used for Landlord design purposes only. It is the Tenant’s
responsibility to further conform to all local and state building codes, laws and applicable
regulations. Landlord makes no representations with respect to local code and compliance
with such regulations, which is the sole responsibility of the Tenant and the Tenant’s sign

provider.

A.

Definitions

1.

3.

“For the purpose of reference in this Exhibit, the following definitions are stated:

Where, “Developer-Landlord” ‘is: mentioned, reference is to”

BG Del-Arrow, LLC en eenaed .

Where “Tenant is mentioned, reference is to the party leasing the space from
the Landlord pursuant to this Lease.

This Exhibit, identified as Exhibit “D”, referred to in your Lease and made a
part of said Lease, contains the Developer-Landlord’s criteria for Tenant

signage.

General

1.

The Tenant shall be required to identify its Premises with signage in
accordance with thig Exhibit. Such signage shall be installed prior to Tenant
opening for business in the Premises.

All signs require written approval by the Developer-Landlord, which
approval shall be given or denied in accordance with the criteria set forth
herein.

Tenant shall; at its own risk and expense, erect such sign(s) (including
electrical connections), as are required under this Exhibit, and shall maintain
such sign(s) in a good state of repair. Tenant hereby agrees to indemnify
Developer-Landlord the erection, maintenance, existence or removal of any
such sign(s), and further agrees to repair any damage that may be caused by

_the erection, maintenance, existence or removal of any such sign(s). Upon

vacating the premises, Tenant agrees to remove all signs and repair the

signband to “as new” condition.
Although signing practices of the Tenant will be considered, such practices

_ will not be controlling. Landlord will not consider any other shopping

center signage, not conforming to this Exhibit, in reviewing Tenant’s signage

proposal.
Page 1

CADocuments and Settings\peck_1\Local Settings\Temp\C. Lotus.Notes Data\EXHIBIT D - Sign Criteria. doce
Tenant shall be required to identify its Premises with storefront signage in

accordance with the criteria set forth on Drawing SS-1 (attached).

, Tenant shall be required to identify its rear service door (if provided) with

one (1) identification sign in accordance with the criteria set forth on
Drawing SS-2 (attached).

Tenant shall be permitted to install one (1) additional identification sign
under the canopy directly in front of Tenant’s demised Premises in
accordance with the criteria set forth on Drawing SS-3 (attached).

If any of the following limitations, restrictions or criteria are found to be
invalid under any ordinance, regulation or law to the extent that such
limitations, restrictions or criteria is invalid as aforesaid, then the Developer-
Landlord, at its sole discretion, may modify such limitations, restrictions or
criteria to comply with such local ordinance, regulation or law. In no case
shall the invalidity of any one of the foregoing, limitations, restrictions. or
criteria invalidate this Exhibit or the Lease. :

Storefront Signage — Limitations and Restrictions

1

Tenant’s storefront signage must be internally illuminated, individual
channel] letters mounted to a raceway. The sign and raceway must be
mounted to the signband, centered from top to bottom, and centered within

‘the width of the leased Premises, or as located according to the Developer-

Landlord’s storefront signage layout.

All installation methods must comply with local building, electrical and
zoning codes and meet “UL” approval.

PK housings to remote transformers are required... The raceway required to
accommodate wiring and transformers shall be no deeper than eight inches
(8”) and be no taller than eight inches (8”).

‘All signs shall have concealed attachment devices, clips, wiring,

transformers, lamps, tubes and ballasts.

Sign letters or components shall have plastic faces with metal returns and
trim caps.

_. The storefront sign shall be connected to a time clock, which will
automatically turn the sign on at the start of the business day. It is required

that all storefront signage be illuminated during the stores hours of operation
and additionally during standard shopping center hours if Tenant is
permitted under the Lease to operate on non-standard hours.,

The manufacturer or installer may not instal] any promotional decals or
labels that are visible to the public.

Page 2

CADocuments and Settings\peck_t\Local Settings\Temp\C. Lotus. Notes. Data\EXHIBIT D - Sign Criteria.doc
D. Storefront Signage — Size Restrictions

1.

Signs shall consist of the Tenant’s store name as it appears in the Lease only.
Logos will be permitted but must fit within the area restrictions below and -
must be constructed according to the criteria established herein. The overall

' size of the sign shall be restricted by this criteria and/or local building codes,

but in no case shall be greater than the “sign area” allowed by these criteria.
The “sign area” shall be defined as a rectangular area totally enclosing all

- graphic elements of Tenant’s sign.

For Tenant’s signs with one (1) line of copy, the “sign area” may not exceed
twenty-four inches (24”) in height or be longer than 60% of the storefront —
width. Ascenders and descenders or any graphic elements of the sign must

fit within this signage “zone”.

For Tenant’s signs with two (2) or more lines of copy, the “sign area” may
not exceed thirty-six inches (36”) in height or be longer than 40% of the
storefront width. Ascenders and descenders or any graphic elements of the
sign must fit within this signage “zone”.

E. Prohibited Types of Signs or Sign Components

The following sign types or components will not be permitted for any part of Tenant’s
storefront sign or as interior signage within the front four feet (4’) of the Leased

Premises.

1.

, Moving, rotating or flashing signs.

Painted and/or non-illuminated signs.

Banners or flags.

Cloth, wood, paper or cardboard signs, stickers or decals around or on
exterior surfaces, doors and windows of the Premises.

Noise making devices and components.

Letters, symbols or identification of any nature painted directly on exterior
surfaces, doors and windows of the Premises.

Rooftop signs.

Cabinet type storefront signs.

Temporary or promotional type signs in the storefront windows will only be
permitted with prior written Developes- -Landlord approval and only for a

specific period of time.

Page 3

CADocuments and Settings\peck_t\Local Settings\Temp\C. Lotus .Notes.Data\EXHIBIT D - Sign Criteria.doc
2 «

“FP. ~~ Approval Procedures
1. Approval of store design drawings or working drawings and specifications
’ for Tenant’s Premises does not constitute approval of any sign work. Within
' fifteen (15) days of signing this Lease, Tenant shall submit to the Developer-
Landlord one (1) set of prints for all its proposed sign work. The drawings
shall clearly show the following:

The location of the proposed storefront sign drawn to scale on the

storefront elevation.
b. . The sign letters and. graphics elements drawn to scale and
dimensioned, using the proposed fonts and colors.
The construction details and sections of the actual sign, including
attachment methods and construction materials.

a

c.

2. .  Developer-Landlord shall return to the Tenant the sign drawings, with any
comments and/or corrections. Sign fabricator shall not be allowed to begin
fabrication or to instal] any sign without having, in his possession, a written
approval and authorization from the Developer-Landlord.

Developer-Landlord reserves the right in Developer-Landlord’s sole discretion to permit
exceptions to this Exhibit. Permission granted to a Tenant to deviate from the strict.
requirements of this Exhibit shall not entitle any other Tenant similar treatment,

END —

Page 4

C:\Documents and Settings\peck_{\Local Scttings\Temp\C. Lotus Notes _Data\ EXHIBIT D - Sign Criteria doc
STOREFRONT WDTH
SAMPLE LAYOUT "B"

RACEWAY PAINTED
TQ MATCH FASCIA

- INDIVIDUAL, INTERNALLY ~
- RLUMINATED LETTERS

| PLEX! FACES

7 : . : SIGNBOARD FASCIA
. MAXIMUM 60% OF STOREFRONT WIOTH

SAMPLE LAYOUT "A’”

SIGNBOARD FASCIA.

ALUMINUM SIDES,
L AND BACKS =
we. Beye aya
Beg ot . PK HOUSINGS
7 * SECTION

DRAWING SS~7
- APRIL 1997 -
‘TENANT |
SIGNAGE.

18” WIDTH

REAR SERVICE DOOR SIGN _

SPECIFICATIONS:

SIGN SHALL BE ALUMINUM, PAINTED WHITE WITH BLACK PAINTED
OR APPLIED VINYL LETTERS.

2. PONT STYLE SHALL BE HELVETICA MEDIUM.

3. COPY MAY BE ARRANGED TO TENANT'S REQUIREMENTS.

4. SIGN SHALL BE MOUNTED ON THE CENTER OF THE DOOR 5’0” FROM

1.

” THE BOTTOM OF THE SIGN TO THE BOTTOM OF THE DOOR

Sa a el aT i lt an a a eee a

a

DRAWING SS-2
APRIL 1987
44” WOTH 2 ff

UNDER CANOPY SIGN

NOTES:

1. COPY SHALL BE STORE NAME ONLY. COLOR OF COPY SHALL BE CHOSEN.
BY THE TENANT ON WHITE TRANSLUCENT PLEX! BACKGROUND.
2. FONT STYLE SHALL BE CHOSEN BY TENANT, SUBJECT TO LANDLORD APPROVAL.
3. COPY MAY BE ARRANCED TO TENANTS REQUIREMENTS. -
4. SIGN SHALL BE CONSTRUCTED OF DARK BRONZE, ANODIZED ALUMINUM
FRAME WTH MOLDED HIGH IMPACT PLASTIC FACE. AS SHOWN ABOVE. -
THE SIGN SHALL BE INTERNALLY ILLUMINATED WITH. 1°4” FLUORESCENT,
COOL WHITE T8 LAMP, WITH ELECTRONIC: ALL—WEATHER BALLAST.

, 8"

WLLL LEE _

oe rey.

. "DRAWING SS~3
APRIL 1997
EXHIBIT “E-1"

GENERAL CONTRACTOR'S WAIVER OF LIEN AND LETTER OF GUARANTEE

STATE OF )
) SS:
COUNTY OF )
TO:
Tenant
and
Landlord
Unit No.:
Store Name:
Shopping Center:
Location:

("Real Estate") , being duly sworn and authorized,
deposes and says that this affidavit is made on behalf of (the 'Company’) as its
and is the free act and deed of the undersigned and the Company.

Furthermore, for and in consideration of $ paid to the Company, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the Company does hereby waive, release and relinquish any and all liens, lien rights, claims or demands of any
kind whatsoever which the Company now has or may hereafter acquire against the Tenant, the Landlord, the Real Estate
referenced above and/or the improvements thereon for any and all work, labor, materials, equipment, machinery or other goods
and services rendered, performed or furnished at the above referenced location (the Work’).

The Undersigned further warrants and represents that:

(i) Any and all amounts owed by or on behalf of the Company to any other party for the Work, or any portion
thereof, furnished by such other party on behalf of the Company, have been paid in full;

(ii) The Company agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Tenant and Landlord from and against any
and all claims, causes of action, loss, damage, cost and expense (including reasonable attorney's fees) as a result
of any breach of the warranties and representations herein;

(iii) The Work has been fully performed in accordance with the plans and specifications and in conformance
with the requirements of any building code authority having jurisdiction over the performance of the work; and
(iv) The Company guarantees all materials and workmanship for a period of one (1) year from the date of
execution of this instrument.

Subscribed and sworn to Company:

before me this day By:

of » 20. Its:
Address:
Phone No.:

Notary Seal (seal required)

‘Staeof_
County of Date:
EXHIBIT "E-2"

SUBCONTRACTOR'S WAIVER OF LIEN AND LETTER OF GUARANTEE

STATE OF )
) SS:
COUNTY OF )
TO:
Tenant
and
Landlord
Unit No.:
Store Name:
Shopping Center:
Location:
("Real Estate") being duly swom and authorized, deposes and says
that this affidavit is made on behalf of. (the 'Company’) as its and is the

free act and deed of the undersigned and the Company.

Furthermore, for and in consideration of $. paid to the Company, the receipt and sufficiency of
which are hereby acknowledged, the Company does hereby waive, release and relinquish any and all liens, lien rights, claims or
demands of any kind whatsoever which the Company now has or may hereafter acquire against the Tenant, the Landlord, the
Real Estate referenced above and/or the improvements thereon for any and all work, labor, materials, equipment, machinery or
other goods and services rendered, performed or furnished at the above referenced location (the Work’).

The Undersigned further warrants and represents that:

(i) Any and all amounts owed by or on behalf of the Company to any other party for the Work, or any portion
thereof, furnished by such other party on behalf of the Company, have been paid in full;

(ii) The Company agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Tenant and Landlord from and against any
and all claims, causes of action, loss, damage, cost and expense (including reasonable attorney's fees) as a result
of any breach of the warranties and representations herein;

(iii) The Work has been fully performed in accordance with the plans and specifications and in conformance

with the requirements of any building code authority having jurisdiction over the performance of the work; and

(iv) The Company guarantees all materials and workmanship for a period of one (1) year from the date of
execution of this instrument.

Subscribed and swom to Company:

before me this day By:

of, 20. Its:
Address:
Phone No.:

Notary Seal (seal required)

State of
County of. Date:
N
d

KR RadioShack
TOTALOTAN

FEDERAL MEATS ©

EXHIBIT |