D. Storefront Signage — Size Restrictions

1.

Signs shall consist of the Tenant’s store name as it appears in the Lease only.
Logos will be permitted but must fit within the area restrictions below and -
must be constructed according to the criteria established herein. The overall

' size of the sign shall be restricted by this criteria and/or local building codes,

but in no case shall be greater than the “sign area” allowed by these criteria.
The “sign area” shall be defined as a rectangular area totally enclosing all

- graphic elements of Tenant’s sign.

For Tenant’s signs with one (1) line of copy, the “sign area” may not exceed
twenty-four inches (24”) in height or be longer than 60% of the storefront —
width. Ascenders and descenders or any graphic elements of the sign must

fit within this signage “zone”.

For Tenant’s signs with two (2) or more lines of copy, the “sign area” may
not exceed thirty-six inches (36”) in height or be longer than 40% of the
storefront width. Ascenders and descenders or any graphic elements of the
sign must fit within this signage “zone”.

E. Prohibited Types of Signs or Sign Components

The following sign types or components will not be permitted for any part of Tenant’s
storefront sign or as interior signage within the front four feet (4’) of the Leased

Premises.

1.

, Moving, rotating or flashing signs.

Painted and/or non-illuminated signs.

Banners or flags.

Cloth, wood, paper or cardboard signs, stickers or decals around or on
exterior surfaces, doors and windows of the Premises.

Noise making devices and components.

Letters, symbols or identification of any nature painted directly on exterior
surfaces, doors and windows of the Premises.

Rooftop signs.

Cabinet type storefront signs.

Temporary or promotional type signs in the storefront windows will only be
permitted with prior written Developes- -Landlord approval and only for a

specific period of time.

Page 3

CADocuments and Settings\peck_t\Local Settings\Temp\C. Lotus .Notes.Data\EXHIBIT D - Sign Criteria.doc
