immediately upon demand, reimburse Landlord for any and all costs and expenses incurred by Landiord to
discharge such lien including, without limitation, all attorneys’ fees, court costs and similar expenses, plus an
administrative fee equal to fifteen percent (15%) of all out of pocket costs incurred by Landlord. In addition,
Tenant shall indemnify and hold Landlord and Landlord’s lender, if any, harmless from and against all loss,
cost, expense and liability whatsoever (including Landlord’s cost of defending against the foregoing, such
cost to include attorneys’ fees) resulting or occurring by reason of any claims or causes of actions that may
arise as a result of any lien, notice of lien or, claim relating to work and/or materials furnished to the
Premises at the request of Tenant, its employees, agents or contractors;

13. To solicit no business in the Common Areas, nor distribute handbills or other advertising matter to
customers, nor place the same in or on automobiles in the Common Areas;

14. To comply with all reasonable rules and regulations which Landlord may from time to time establish for the
use and care of the Premises and the Common Areas, to the extent applicable;

15. Intentionally deleted;

16. To shut off all exhaust fans, if any, servicing the Premises at all times when Premises are closed; shall keep
the Premises heated or air conditioned, as the case may be, to at least the same minimum temperature (in the
case of heat) or at the same maximum temperature (in the case of air-conditioning) as Landlord shall attempt
to maintain in such mall, if applicable;

17. To participate in any reasonable window cleaning and exterminating programs that may be established by
Landlord;

18. To prohibit the operation on the Premises or in any part of the Shopping Center of any coin or token-
operated vending machines, video games or similar devices;

19. To permit Landlord or its agents, during the ninety (90) day period preceding the expiration of the Term of
this Lease, to show the Premises to potential tenants, and to place on the Premises notices offering the
Premises for lease or sale: and

20. That it shall not make any penetrations through the roof of the Premises without the prior written consent of
Landlord.

21. In the event Landlord elects to make any additions or changes to the Premises and/or Shopping Center,
Tenant shall, at Landlord’s sole cost and expense, upon Landlord’s request: (i) temporarily relocate and/or
remove Tenant’s signage; and/or (ii) modify Tenant’s signage to conform to Landlord’s signage criteria, then
in effect, that applies to the Shopping Center, provided such requirements are uniformly applied and
enforced.

XI. REPAIRS AND ALTERATIONS

A.

Repairs by Landlord. Landlord shall keep the foundations, roof, and structural portions of the outer walls of the
Premises and the Shopping Center in good repair, except for repairs required thereto by reason of the acts of Tenant,
Tenant's employees. agents, invitees, licensees, or contractors. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, some
or all of these repairs will be subject to inclusion in Tenant’s Common Area Charge, including, but not limited to, the
cost of painting of the outer walls of the Shopping Center buildings including the Premises. Tenant shall give
Landiord written notice of the necessity for repairs coming to the attention of Tenant following which Landlord shall
have a reasonable time to undertake and complete such repairs. The provisions of this Article X1, Section A, shall not
apply in the case of damage or destruction by fire or other casualty or by Eminent Domain, in which events the
obligations of Landlord shall be controlled by either Article XIII or Article XV hereof.

It is expressly understood that Landlord shall not be responsible for any portions of the Premises constructed by Tenant
or any prior occupant of the Premises.

Repairs by Tenant. Except as provided in Article XI, Section A, Tenant shall keep the Premises and any fixtures,
facilities, signs or equipment contained therein, in good condition and repair, including. but not limited to, exterior and
interior portions of all doors, door checks and operations, windows, plate glass, and showcases surrounding the
Premises, the heating. air conditioning. electrical, plumbing and sewer systems, the exterior doors, window frames, and
