to inspect the records of Tenant in connection with sales made by Tenant from other stores operated by it, but only
in the event such examination becomes necessary to ascertain the Gross Sales made by Tenant from the Premises.

V. TAXES

A.

Real Estate Taxes and Assessments, Beginning thirty (30) days after the Rent Commencement Date, Tenant agrees
to pay Tenant's proportionate share of all real estate taxes and assessments, both general and special, levied and
assessed against the land, buildings, and all other improvements which may be added thereto, or constructed with the
Shopping Center ("Taxes"). The term Taxes shall be further defined as the amount set forth on any invoice or
statement issued by the taxing authority for the Shopping Center which is due and payable by Landlord in the calendar
month prior to the accrual of any penalties and/or interest. Tenant's proportionate share shall be the total amount of the
Taxes, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of square feet of gross leasable area within
the Premises, and the denominator of which shall be the gross leasable area of the existing buildings within the
Shopping Center at the time the Taxes were levied or assessed, but excluding the gross leasable area of any buildings
within the Shopping Center which are separately assessed for tax purposes and billed to an entity other than Landlord
or paid directly by an entity other than Landlord, even though billed to Landlord.

Tenant shall pay to Landlord, monthly in advance on or before the first day of each calendar month, an amount equal to
one-twelfth (1/12th) of Tenant's proportionate share of Landlord's estimate of Taxes for the current tax year together
with all expenses incurred by Landlord in negotiating, reviewing, administering, appealing or contesting such taxes and
assessments, including, but not limited to fees and/or expenses paid to independent third parties engaged by Landlord
to contest Taxes, whose fees may be based on an hourly rate, a percentage of the tax savings or other reasonable fee
structures. If Tenant's proportionate share of Taxes with respect to any tax year is less than the total amount paid by
Tenant for such period, the excess shall be credited against the payments with respect to Taxes next becoming due;
provided, however, if excess is Five Hundred and 00/100 Dollars ($500.00) or more, or is attributable to the final year
of the Lease, the same shall be refunded to Tenant. If Tenant's proportionate share of Taxes for any tax year exceeds
the total amount paid by Tenant for such period, Tenant shall pay the difference to Landlord upon demand.

Rental Taxes. If any governmental taxing authority levy, assess, or impose any tax, excise or assessment (other than
income or franchise tax) upon or against the rents payable by Tenant to Landlord ("Rent Tax"), either by way of
substitution for or in addition to any existing tax on land, buildings or otherwise, Tenant shall directly pay, or
reimburse Landlord for, the Rent Tax, as the case may be.

Impact Fees. Tenant shall pay all impact fees, including, without limitation, any commercial impact fees for water
and sewer, attributable to Tenant's use of and/or square footage in the Premises. Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for
any such fees previously paid by Landlord and attributable to the Premises.

VI. CONSTRUCTION

A. Landlord's Work. Except as provided in Section B below, Landlord shall have no obligation to perform or cause the

performance of construction of any improvements to the Premises prior to delivery thereof to Tenant.

Delivery of Premises. Landlord shall deliver the Premises to Tenant on or before the Estimated Delivery of
Possession Date set forth in Article 1(A), Section 10, herein, in an "as is” condition, subject to delays caused by any
circumstances beyond Landlord's reasonable control; provided, however, Landlord shall, at its own expense, repair the
portion of the roof covering the Premises prior to the Estimated Delivery of Possession Date. In no event shall
Landlord be liable to Tenant for any failure or delay by Landlord in delivering the Premises to Tenant on the date set
forth above. Tenant hereby acknowledges that Landlord has made no representations or warranties to Tenant with
respect to the condition of the Premises or the working order of any systems or improvements therein existing as of the
date of delivery. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event Landlord fails to deliver the Premises to Tenant within
ten (10) days following the Estimated Delivery of Possession Date set forth in Article (A). Section 10, subject to
delays caused by Tenant and Force Majeure, then Tenant shal] have the right to terminate this Lease by delivering
written notice to Landlord. The effective date of termination (the “Termination Date”), if Tenant elects to exercise
Tenant’s right to terminate as hereinabove set forth, shall be the date thirty (30) days after the date of Landlord’s
receipt of Tenant’s written notice.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, once Landlord has received this Lease signed by Tenant, in the event Landlord fails to
deliver a fully-executed Lease to Tenant within sixty (60) days following the date the Lease (properly executed and
