occupants of the Shopping Center shall constitute a waiver in favor of any other tenant, nor shal] the waiver of a breach
of any condition be claimed or pleaded to excuse a future breach of the same condition or covenant.

Broker's Commission. Landlord and Tenant warrant that, except for any amounts payable by Landlord to its agent,
there are no claims for broker's commissions or finder's fees in connection with its execution of this Lease, and each
party agrees to indemnify and save Landlord harmless from any liability that may arise from such claims, including
reasonable attorney's fees.

No Partnership. Landlord does not, in any way or for any purpose, become a partner of Tenant in the conduct of its
business, or otherwise, or a joint venturer or a member of a joint enterprise with Tenant.

Lease Inures to the Benefit of Assignees. This Lease and all of the covenants, provisions, and conditions herein
contained shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the heirs, personal representatives, successors and assigns
respectively, of the parties hereto, provided, however, that no assignment by, from, through, or under Tenant in
violation of the provisions hereof shall vest in the assigns any right, title, or interest whatsoever.

Entire Agreement. This Lease and the exhibits attached hereto set forth the entire agreement between Landlord and
Tenant, and all prior promises and agreements, oral or written, between them are merged into this Lease. No
amendment to this Lease shall be binding upon Landlord or Tenant unless in writing.

Abandonment, Surrender and Holding Over. Tenant shall deliver up and surrender to Landlord possession of the
Premises upon the expiration of the Lease Term, or its prior termination for any reason, in as good condition and repair
as the same shall be at the commencement of said term (damage by fire and other perils covered by standard fire and
extended coverage insurance and ordinary wear and decay only excepted). If Tenant remains in possession of the
Premises after any termination of this Lease, Tenant shall be bound by the terms and provisions of this Lease except
that no tenancy or interest in the Premises shall result, but such holding over shall be an unlawful detainer and all such
parties shail be subject to immediate eviction, and Tenant shall upon demand pay to Landlord, as liquidated damages, a
sum equal to two hundred percent (200%) of the Minimum Rent payable during the calendar month immediately
preceding the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease for any period during which Tenant shall hold the Premises
after the stipulated term of this Lease shall expire or may have terminated. If Tenant vacates the Premises prior to the
scheduled expiration of the Lease Term, Tenant shall be in default of this Lease, and if Tenant has not re-entered the
Premises and resumed the operation of the business set forth in Article IX, Section B, of this Lease for a period of
thirty (30) consecutive days, Tenant shall be deemed to have abandoned the Premises, and Landlord shall have the
right, but not the obligation, to take sole possession of the Premises on or after the tenth (10th) day following the
expiration of said thirty (30) day period and Landlord may relet said Premises in accordance with the terms in Article
XVI hereof.

No Option. The submission of this Lease by Landlord for review by Tenant does not constitute a reservation of or
option for the Premises, and shall vest no right in Tenant. This Lease becomes effective as a Lease only upon
execution and delivery thereof by the parties hereto.

Additional Rent. Any amounts to be paid by Tenant to Landlord pursuant to the provisions of this Lease, whether
such payments are periodic or recurring, shall be deemed to be "Additional Rent" and otherwise subject to all
provisions of this Lease and of law as to the default in the payment of rent.

Intentionally deleted.

Financial Statements. Tenant shall, within ten (10) days after receipt of a written request from Landlord, furnish to
Landlord Tenant's current financial statement and such other financial information as Landlord may reasonably request.
Tenant shall not be required to furnish any financial statement or other information that is not regularly maintained by
Tenant in the ordinary course of business. Landlord covenants that the financial information provided by Tenant shail
be treated as confidential, except that Landlord may disclose such information to any prospective purchaser,
prospective or existing lender or prospective or existing ground or underlying lessor upon the condition that the
prospective purchaser, prospective or existing lender or underlying lessor shall also covenant to treat such information
as confidential.

Severability. In the event that any provision or section of this Lease is rendered invalid by the decision of any court
or by the enactment of any law, ordinance or regulation, such provision of this Lease shall be deemed to have never
been included therein, and the balance of this Lease shal] continue in effect in accordance with its terms.

23
