XI.

all portions of the store front area, and shall make any replacements thereof and of all broken and/or cracked plate and
window glass which may become necessary during the term of this Lease, and any renewals thereof, excepting any
repairs to items of Landlord's original construction made necessary by reason of damage due to fire or other casualty
covered by standard fire and extended coverage insurance. In connection with Tenant's obligation to maintain the
HVAC system servicing the Premises, Tenant shall, during the Term of this Lease, and any renewals thereof, at its sole
cost and expense, maintain a service contract for the routine performance of standard HVAC system maintenance,
including but not limited to, periodic replacement of filters, oiling of mechanical components and inspection for wear
and tear. Landlord reserves the right to designate an HVAC contractor with whom Tenant shall contract for such
routine HVAC maintenance so long as the fee’ charged by Landlord’s designated contractor shall be the same or less
than the fee charged by Tenant's contractor for similar services. If Tenant fails to commence or complete repairs
promptly and adequately, Landlord may make or complete said repairs and Tenant shall pay the cost thereof to
Landlord upon demand, together with the sum of fifteen percent (15%) of said costs for overhead and an additional
sum equal to ten percent (10%) of said amount for profit.

Alterations or Improvements by Tenant. Tenant shall not, without Landlord's prior written consent, make, nor
permit to be made, any alterations, additions or improvements to the Premises which Landlord can withhold in its sole
discretion. Any alterations which may be permitted by Landlord shall be based upon plans and specifications
submitted by Tenant and approved by Landlord and upon the condition that Tenant shall promptly pay all costs,
expenses, and charges thereof, shall make such alterations and improvements in accordance with applicable laws and
building codes and ordinances and in a good and workmanlike manner, and shall fully and completely indemnify
Landlord against any mechanic's lien or other liens or claims in connection with the making of such alterations,
additions, or improvements. Tenant shall promptly repair any damages to the Premises, or to the buildings of which
the Premises are a part, caused by any alterations, additions or improvements to the Premises by Tenant.

Removal of Improvements. All items of Landlord's construction, all heating and air conditioning equipment, and all
alterations, additions and other improvements by Tenant shall become the property of Landlord and shall not be
removed from the Premises. All trade fixtures, furniture, furnishings, and signs installed in the Premises by Tenant and
paid for by Tenant shall remain the property of Tenant and may be removed upon the expiration of the term of this
Lease; provided (i) that any of such items as are affixed to the Premises and require severance may be removed only if
Tenant repairs any damage caused by such removal and (ii) that Tenant shall have fully performed all of the covenants
and agreements to be performed by Tenant under the provisions of this Lease. If Tenant fails to remove such items
from the Premises prior to the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease, all such trade fixtures, furniture,
furnishings, and signs shall become the property of Landlord unless Landlord elects to require their removal, in which
case Tenant shall promptly remove same and restore the Premises to its prior condition. In the event Tenant fails to
remove all such trade fixtures, furniture. furnishings, and signs within ten (10) days after Landlord elects to require
their removal, Landlord shall have the right to remove same and sell such trade fixtures, furniture, furnishings, and
signs to pay for the cost of removal. Notwithstanding anything contained to the contrary in this Lease, if Tenant
removes such items from the Premises but fails to repair any damage caused by such removal, Landlord may make or
complete said repairs without providing Tenant notice prior to the commencement of said repairs. Tenant shall pay the
cost thereof to Landlord upon demand, together with the sum of fifteen percent (15%) of said costs for overhead.
Tenant’s obligations under this Section D shall survive the termination of this Lease.

INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE
A.

Indemnification by Tenant. Tenant will indemnify and hold Landlord harmless from and against all loss, cost,
expense, and liability whatsoever (including Landlord's cost of defending against the foregoing, such cost to include
attorney's fees) resulting or occurring by reason of Tenant's construction, use or occupancy of the Premises, except due
to the negligence of Landlord). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant’s indemnification obligation as set forth herein
shall be limited to the extent of the coverage provided under Landlord’s insurance for such indemnity.

Indemnification by Landlord. Landlord shail indemnify and hold Tenant barmless from and against all loss, cost,
expense and liability whatsoever (including Tenant's cost of defending against the foregoing. such cost to include
reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising solely from the negligence or intentional acts of Landlord in the Common Areas,
excluding, however, any such Joss, cost, expense or liability arising from any accident, injury or damage caused
directly or indirectly by the negligent or willful acts or omissions of Tenant or Tenant's representatives.

17
