writing by Landlord, provide tempered make-up outside air up to ninety
percent (90%) of all such exhaust. Clothes dryers shall be vented using
rigid metal duct routed to an approved container or otherwise as required
by Landlord.

Fire Protection

a. Any deviation from, or modification to, the regular standard grid layout of
sprinkler heads within the leased Premises due to Tenant’s design or
nature of Tenant’s business. The location, type and number of sprinkler
heads shall be based upon local codes and the Landlord’s insurance
underwriter requirements. All modifications to the standard grid layout
must be performed by the project sprinkler contractor at Tenant’s expense.

b. Any fire alarm system and monitoring thereof as may be required by
governing codes and authorities. Tenant’s system and system components
shall match and be compatible with Landlord’s systems and requirements.

c. Any special sprinkler heads, extinguisher systems, flame retardants,
smoke/heat detectors, etc. as required by all applicable building codes,
laws, regulations and ordinances due to Tenant’s design or nature of
Tenant’s business.

d. Two (2) 5 lb. ABC fire extinguishers properly maintained on a continued
basis.

Miscellaneous

a. All trade fixtures, shelving, furnishings, signage, merchandise, etc.

b. Toilet room accessories such as paper holders, soap dispenser, mirrors,
shelves, etc.

c. All curbs, lintels, flashings, pipes, ducts, vents, exhaust hoods, louvers,

etc. necessary for Tenant’s equipment requiring openings through roof
and/or exterior walls. All cutting, patching and flashing of the roof system
must be performed by the Landlord’s roofing contractor at Tenant’s

expense.
d. All required safety, emergency and handicap aid equipment within the
leased Premises as required by Local, State and Federal authorities.
e. Tenant shall insulate, to the extent required by the nature of Tenant’s

business, the demising walls and ceiling so as not to permit sound, odors,
etc., to emanate outside the leased Premises.

- END -
